https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hundredth/weathered_town_guitar_pro.htm,Weathered Town,Hundredth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hundredth/weathered_town_guitar_pro.htm,Weathered Town,Hundredth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/luminesce_guitar_pro.htm,Luminesce,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/pattern_interrupt_guitar_pro.htm,Pattern Interrupt,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/render_the_void_guitar_pro.htm,Render The Void,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/efflorescent_guitar_pro.htm,Efflorescent,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hybrid_earth_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrid Earth Solo,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/dreamcatcher_guitar_pro.htm,Dreamcatcher,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/lights_city_guitar_pro.htm,Lights City,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/drift_guitar_pro.htm,Drift,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/prometheus_guitar_pro.htm,Prometheus,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/ultraviolet_guitar_pro.htm,Ultraviolet,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hybrid_earth_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrid Earth,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/alpha_seed_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha Seed,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/white_noise_guitar_pro.htm,White Noise,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/irreversible_guitar_pro.htm,Irreversible,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/vaalbara_guitar_pro.htm,Vaalbara,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/rebirth_guitar_pro.htm,Rebirth,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/continuum_guitar_pro.htm,Continuum,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/the_hypnotist_guitar_pro.htm,The Hypnotist,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/skyline_guitar_pro.htm,Skyline,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hourglass_guitar_pro.htm,Hourglass,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/architect_guitar_pro.htm,Architect,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/pulse_guitar_pro.htm,Pulse,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/separate_and_coalesce_guitar_pro.htm,Separate And Coalesce,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/seven_guitar_pro.htm,Seven,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/invent_guitar_pro.htm,Invent,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/obscure_words_guitar_pro.htm,Obscure Words,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/spirits_away_guitar_pro.htm,Spirits Away,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/frostbite_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Frostbite,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/dementia_guitar_pro.htm,Dementia,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/orchid_guitar_pro.htm,Orchid,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/luminesce_guitar_pro.htm,Luminesce,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/pattern_interrupt_guitar_pro.htm,Pattern Interrupt,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/render_the_void_guitar_pro.htm,Render The Void,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/efflorescent_guitar_pro.htm,Efflorescent,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hybrid_earth_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrid Earth Solo,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/dreamcatcher_guitar_pro.htm,Dreamcatcher,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/lights_city_guitar_pro.htm,Lights City,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/drift_guitar_pro.htm,Drift,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/prometheus_guitar_pro.htm,Prometheus,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/ultraviolet_guitar_pro.htm,Ultraviolet,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hybrid_earth_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrid Earth,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/alpha_seed_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha Seed,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/white_noise_guitar_pro.htm,White Noise,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/irreversible_guitar_pro.htm,Irreversible,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/vaalbara_guitar_pro.htm,Vaalbara,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/rebirth_guitar_pro.htm,Rebirth,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/continuum_guitar_pro.htm,Continuum,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/the_hypnotist_guitar_pro.htm,The Hypnotist,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/skyline_guitar_pro.htm,Skyline,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/hourglass_guitar_pro.htm,Hourglass,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/architect_guitar_pro.htm,Architect,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/pulse_guitar_pro.htm,Pulse,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/separate_and_coalesce_guitar_pro.htm,Separate And Coalesce,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/seven_guitar_pro.htm,Seven,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/invent_guitar_pro.htm,Invent,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/obscure_words_guitar_pro.htm,Obscure Words,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/spirits_away_guitar_pro.htm,Spirits Away,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/frostbite_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Frostbite,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/dementia_guitar_pro.htm,Dementia,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/erra/orchid_guitar_pro.htm,Orchid,Erra
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/botch/to_our_friends_in_the_great_white_north_guitar_pro_893459id_16112009date.htm,To Our Friends In The Great White North,Botch
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/botch/afgamistam_guitar_pro.htm,Afgamistam,Botch
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/botch/to_our_friends_in_the_great_white_north_guitar_pro_893459id_16112009date.htm,To Our Friends In The Great White North,Botch
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/botch/afgamistam_guitar_pro.htm,Afgamistam,Botch
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/black_winter_night_guitar_pro.htm,Black Winter Night,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/desciples_of_babylon_guitar_pro.htm,Desciples Of Babylon,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/avant_la_tempete_guitar_pro.htm,Avant La Tempete,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/die_by_the_sword_guitar_pro.htm,Die By The Sword,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/black_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Black Fire,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/dawn_over_a_new_world_guitar_pro.htm,Dawn Over A New World,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/fields_of_dispair_guitar_pro.htm,Fields Of Dispair,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/evening_star_guitar_pro.htm,Evening Star,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/defenders_guitar_pro.htm,Defenders,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/body_breakdown_guitar_pro.htm,Body Breakdown,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/above_the_winter_moonlight_guitar_pro.htm,Above The Winter Moonlight,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/flame_of_youth_guitar_pro.htm,Flame Of Youth,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/flame_for_freedom_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Flame For Freedom Intro,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/epm_guitar_pro.htm,Epm,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_of_the_brave_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Of The Brave,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/fury_of_the_storm_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fury Of The Storm,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_for_eternity_guitar_pro.htm,Cry For Eternity,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/disciples_of_babylon_guitar_pro.htm,Disciples Of Babylon,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_thunder_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Thunder,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/black_winter_night_guitar_pro.htm,Black Winter Night,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/desciples_of_babylon_guitar_pro.htm,Desciples Of Babylon,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/avant_la_tempete_guitar_pro.htm,Avant La Tempete,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/die_by_the_sword_guitar_pro.htm,Die By The Sword,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/black_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Black Fire,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/dawn_over_a_new_world_guitar_pro.htm,Dawn Over A New World,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/fields_of_dispair_guitar_pro.htm,Fields Of Dispair,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/evening_star_guitar_pro.htm,Evening Star,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/defenders_guitar_pro.htm,Defenders,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/body_breakdown_guitar_pro.htm,Body Breakdown,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/above_the_winter_moonlight_guitar_pro.htm,Above The Winter Moonlight,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/flame_of_youth_guitar_pro.htm,Flame Of Youth,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/flame_for_freedom_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Flame For Freedom Intro,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/epm_guitar_pro.htm,Epm,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_of_the_brave_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Of The Brave,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/fury_of_the_storm_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fury Of The Storm,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_for_eternity_guitar_pro.htm,Cry For Eternity,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/disciples_of_babylon_guitar_pro.htm,Disciples Of Babylon,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/cry_thunder_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Thunder,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/operation_ground_and_pound_guitar_pro.htm,Operation Ground And Pound,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/once_in_a_lifetime_guitar_pro.htm,Once In A Lifetime,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/prepare_for_war_guitar_pro.htm,Prepare For War,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/holding_on_guitar_pro.htm,Holding On,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/my_spirit_will_go_on_guitar_pro.htm,My Spirit Will Go On,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/lost_souls_in_endless_time_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Souls In Endless Time,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/revelations_guitar_pro.htm,Revelations,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/seasons_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Seasons Acoustic,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/revolution_deathsquad_guitar_pro.htm,Revolution Deathsquad,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/heroes_of_our_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Heroes Of Our Time,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/seasons_guitar_pro.htm,Seasons,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/heart_of_a_dragon_guitar_pro.htm,Heart Of A Dragon,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/heroes_of_our_time_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Heroes Of Our Time Intro,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/reasons_to_live_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Reasons To Live Solo,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/through_the_fire_and_flames_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Fire And Flames Acoustic,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/starfire_guitar_pro.htm,Starfire,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/soldiers_of_the_wastelands_guitar_pro.htm,Soldiers Of The Wastelands,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/through_the_fire_and_flames_live_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Fire And Flames Live,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/through_the_fire_and_flames_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Fire And Flames,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/the_sun_is_dead_guitar_pro.htm,The Sun Is Dead,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/the_warrior_inside_guitar_pro.htm,The Warrior Inside,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/the_game_guitar_pro.htm,The Game,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/the_last_journey_home_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Journey Home Intro,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/storming_the_burning_fields_guitar_pro.htm,Storming The Burning Fields,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/three_hammers_guitar_pro.htm,Three Hammers,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/seasons_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Seasons,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/symphony_of_the_night_guitar_pro.htm,Symphony Of The Night,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/the_last_journey_home_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Journey Home,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/through_the_fire_and_flames_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Fire And Flames Solo,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/trail_of_broken_hearts_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Trail Of Broken Hearts,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/valley_of_the_damned_guitar_pro.htm,Valley Of The Damned,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dragonforce/where_dragons_rule_guitar_pro.htm,Where Dragons Rule,Dragonforce
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/masses_of_a_dying_breed_guitar_pro.htm,Masses Of A Dying Breed,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/gone_guitar_pro.htm,Gone,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/opening_wounds_guitar_pro.htm,Opening Wounds,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/a_dance_with_aera_cura_guitar_pro.htm,A Dance With Aera Cura,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/ballad_of_a_broken_man_guitar_pro.htm,Ballad Of A Broken Man,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/harlots_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Harlots Breath,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/blessing_with_a_curse_guitar_pro.htm,Blessing With A Curse,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/hey_mister_guitar_pro.htm,Hey Mister,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/porcelain_wings_guitar_pro.htm,Porcelain Wings,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/forgive_and_forget_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forgive And Forget,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/creations_guitar_pro.htm,Creations,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/arms_of_the_messiah_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of The Messiah,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/day_by_day_guitar_pro.htm,Day By Day,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/gears_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Gears,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/our_kings_guitar_pro.htm,Our Kings,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/architect_guitar_pro.htm,Architect,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/ihe_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ihe,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/not_our_tomorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Not Our Tomorrow,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/apologies_are_for_the_weak_guitar_pro.htm,Apologies Are For The Weak,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/masses_of_a_dying_breed_guitar_pro.htm,Masses Of A Dying Breed,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/gone_guitar_pro.htm,Gone,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/opening_wounds_guitar_pro.htm,Opening Wounds,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/a_dance_with_aera_cura_guitar_pro.htm,A Dance With Aera Cura,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/ballad_of_a_broken_man_guitar_pro.htm,Ballad Of A Broken Man,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/harlots_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Harlots Breath,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/blessing_with_a_curse_guitar_pro.htm,Blessing With A Curse,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/hey_mister_guitar_pro.htm,Hey Mister,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/porcelain_wings_guitar_pro.htm,Porcelain Wings,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/forgive_and_forget_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forgive And Forget,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/creations_guitar_pro.htm,Creations,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/arms_of_the_messiah_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of The Messiah,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/day_by_day_guitar_pro.htm,Day By Day,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/gears_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Gears,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/our_kings_guitar_pro.htm,Our Kings,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/architect_guitar_pro.htm,Architect,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/ihe_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ihe,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/not_our_tomorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Not Our Tomorrow,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/apologies_are_for_the_weak_guitar_pro.htm,Apologies Are For The Weak,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/tides_guitar_pro.htm,Tides,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/relentless_chaos_guitar_pro.htm,Relentless Chaos,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/miss_may_i/we_have_fallen_guitar_pro.htm,We Have Fallen,Miss May I
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/dark_clouds_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Clouds,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ballad_of_planet_earth_guitar_pro.htm,The Ballad Of Planet Earth,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ocean_grave_guitar_pro.htm,The Ocean Grave,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/first_round_first_minute_guitar_pro.htm,First Round First Minute,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/by_the_wrath_of_akakabuto_guitar_pro.htm,By The Wrath Of Akakabuto,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ivory_tower_guitar_pro.htm,The Ivory Tower,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/secrets_guitar_pro.htm,Secrets,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/at_least_give_me_back_my_dreams_you_neglient_whore_guitar_pro.htm,At Least Give Me Back My Dreams You Neglient Whore,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/if_im_a_failure_youre_a_tragedy_guitar_pro.htm,If Im A Failure Youre A Tragedy,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/shark_shark_shark_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Shark Shark Shark,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/forever_and_a_day_guitar_pro.htm,Forever And A Day,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/caution_boys_night_out_guitar_pro.htm,Caution Boys Night Out,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/sound_the_alarm_guitar_pro.htm,Sound The Alarm,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/grow_up_peter_pan_guitar_pro.htm,Grow Up Peter Pan,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/everything_dies_guitar_pro.htm,Everything Dies,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/dark_clouds_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Clouds,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ballad_of_planet_earth_guitar_pro.htm,The Ballad Of Planet Earth,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ocean_grave_guitar_pro.htm,The Ocean Grave,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/first_round_first_minute_guitar_pro.htm,First Round First Minute,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/by_the_wrath_of_akakabuto_guitar_pro.htm,By The Wrath Of Akakabuto,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/the_ivory_tower_guitar_pro.htm,The Ivory Tower,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/secrets_guitar_pro.htm,Secrets,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/at_least_give_me_back_my_dreams_you_neglient_whore_guitar_pro.htm,At Least Give Me Back My Dreams You Neglient Whore,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/if_im_a_failure_youre_a_tragedy_guitar_pro.htm,If Im A Failure Youre A Tragedy,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/shark_shark_shark_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Shark Shark Shark,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/forever_and_a_day_guitar_pro.htm,Forever And A Day,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/caution_boys_night_out_guitar_pro.htm,Caution Boys Night Out,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/sound_the_alarm_guitar_pro.htm,Sound The Alarm,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/grow_up_peter_pan_guitar_pro.htm,Grow Up Peter Pan,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/adept/everything_dies_guitar_pro.htm,Everything Dies,Adept
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/brighter_side_of_suffering_guitar_pro.htm,Brighter Side Of Suffering,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/hester_prynne_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hester Prynne,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/beneath_the_surface_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Surface,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legacy_guitar_pro.htm,Legacy,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/divided_guitar_pro.htm,Divided,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legends_never_die_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Legends Never Die,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/angel_city_gamble_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Angel City Gamble,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/air_force_one_guitar_pro.htm,Air Force One,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/my_fears_have_all_become_phobias_guitar_pro.htm,My Fears Have All Become Phobias,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/in_dying_days_guitar_pro.htm,In Dying Days,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Intro,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/before_the_break_of_dawn_intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Before The Break Of Dawn,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legends_never_die_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Legends Never Die Intro,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/instinct_guitar_pro.htm,Instinct,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/beautiful_mistake_guitar_pro.htm,Beautiful Mistake,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/king_of_thieves_guitar_pro.htm,King Of Thieves,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/my_fears_have_become_phobias_guitar_pro.htm,My Fears Have Become Phobias,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/in_honor_guitar_pro.htm,In Honor,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/brighter_side_of_suffering_guitar_pro.htm,Brighter Side Of Suffering,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/hester_prynne_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hester Prynne,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/beneath_the_surface_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Surface,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legacy_guitar_pro.htm,Legacy,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/divided_guitar_pro.htm,Divided,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legends_never_die_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Legends Never Die,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/angel_city_gamble_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Angel City Gamble,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/air_force_one_guitar_pro.htm,Air Force One,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/my_fears_have_all_become_phobias_guitar_pro.htm,My Fears Have All Become Phobias,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/in_dying_days_guitar_pro.htm,In Dying Days,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Intro,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/before_the_break_of_dawn_intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Before The Break Of Dawn,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/legends_never_die_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Legends Never Die Intro,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/instinct_guitar_pro.htm,Instinct,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/beautiful_mistake_guitar_pro.htm,Beautiful Mistake,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/king_of_thieves_guitar_pro.htm,King Of Thieves,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/my_fears_have_become_phobias_guitar_pro.htm,My Fears Have Become Phobias,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/in_honor_guitar_pro.htm,In Honor,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/pouring_reign_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Pouring Reign Intro,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/resist_guitar_pro.htm,Resist,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/strife_chug_chug_guitar_pro.htm,Strife Chug Chug,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_blood_runs_black/my_fears_have_become_phobias_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,My Fears Have Become Phobias,As Blood Runs Black
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/slowburn_guitar_pro.htm,Slowburn,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/flowermouth_the_leech_btab.htm,Flowermouth The Leech,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/forever_guitar_pro.htm,Forever,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/slowburn_guitar_pro.htm,Slowburn,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/flowermouth_the_leech_btab.htm,Flowermouth The Leech,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/code_orange/forever_guitar_pro.htm,Forever,Code Orange
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/naysayer_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Naysayer,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/a_match_made_in_heaven_guitar_pro.htm,A Match Made In Heaven,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/minesweeper_guitar_pro.htm,Minesweeper,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/every_last_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Every Last Breath,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gravity_guitar_pro.htm,Gravity,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gravedigger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Gravedigger,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/daybreak_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Daybreak Solo,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/devils_island_guitar_pro.htm,Devils Island,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/follow_the_water_guitar_pro.htm,Follow The Water,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/colony_collapse_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Colony Collapse,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/dethroned_guitar_pro.htm,Dethroned,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/bureid_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Bureid At Sea,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/buried_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Buried At Sea,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/even_if_you_win_youre_still_a_rat_guitar_pro.htm,Even If You Win Youre Still A Rat,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/in_elegance_guitar_pro.htm,In Elegance,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/always_guitar_pro.htm,Always,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/alpha_omega_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha Omega,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/hunt_them_down_guitar_pro.htm,Hunt Them Down,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/learn_to_live_guitar_pro.htm,Learn To Live,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/day_in_day_out_guitar_pro.htm,Day In Day Out,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/early_grave_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Early Grave,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gone_with_the_wind_guitar_pro.htm,Gone With The Wind,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/broken_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Cross,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/cancer_guitar_pro.htm,Cancer,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/downfall_guitar_pro.htm,Downfall,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/in_the_desert_guitar_pro.htm,In The Desert,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/hollow_crown_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow Crown,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/black_blood_guitar_pro.htm,Black Blood,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/low_guitar_pro.htm,Low,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/naysayer_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Naysayer,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/a_match_made_in_heaven_guitar_pro.htm,A Match Made In Heaven,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/minesweeper_guitar_pro.htm,Minesweeper,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/every_last_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Every Last Breath,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gravity_guitar_pro.htm,Gravity,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gravedigger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Gravedigger,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/daybreak_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Daybreak Solo,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/devils_island_guitar_pro.htm,Devils Island,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/follow_the_water_guitar_pro.htm,Follow The Water,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/colony_collapse_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Colony Collapse,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/dethroned_guitar_pro.htm,Dethroned,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/bureid_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Bureid At Sea,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/buried_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Buried At Sea,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/even_if_you_win_youre_still_a_rat_guitar_pro.htm,Even If You Win Youre Still A Rat,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/in_elegance_guitar_pro.htm,In Elegance,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/always_guitar_pro.htm,Always,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/alpha_omega_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha Omega,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/hunt_them_down_guitar_pro.htm,Hunt Them Down,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/learn_to_live_guitar_pro.htm,Learn To Live,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/day_in_day_out_guitar_pro.htm,Day In Day Out,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/early_grave_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Early Grave,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/gone_with_the_wind_guitar_pro.htm,Gone With The Wind,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/broken_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Cross,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/cancer_guitar_pro.htm,Cancer,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/downfall_guitar_pro.htm,Downfall,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/in_the_desert_guitar_pro.htm,In The Desert,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/hollow_crown_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow Crown,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/black_blood_guitar_pro.htm,Black Blood,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/low_guitar_pro.htm,Low,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/naysayer_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Naysayer,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/sail_this_ship_alone_guitar_pro.htm,Sail This Ship Alone,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/youll_find_safety_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Youll Find Safety,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/numbers_count_for_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Numbers Count For Nothing,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/were_all_alone_guitar_pro.htm,Were All Alone,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/the_darkest_tomb_guitar_pro.htm,The Darkest Tomb,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/untitled_guitar_pro.htm,Untitled,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/you_dont_walk_away_from_dismemberment_guitar_pro.htm,You Dont Walk Away From Dismemberment,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/the_devil_is_near_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Devil Is Near,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/these_colours_dont_run_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,These Colours Dont Run,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/save_me_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Save Me Intro,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/architects/outsider_heart_guitar_pro.htm,Outsider Heart,Architects
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/anthem_we_are_the_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Anthem We Are The Fire,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_grey_so_dark_guitar_pro.htm,A Grey So Dark,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_view_of_burning_empires_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A View Of Burning Empires,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/as_i_am_exploding_guitar_pro.htm,As I Am Exploding,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_gunshot_to_the_head_of_trepidation_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,A Gunshot To The Head Of Trepidation,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ascendancy_guitar_pro.htm,Ascendancy,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ashes_guitar_pro.htm,Ashes,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/and_sadness_will_sear_guitar_pro.htm,And Sadness Will Sear,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_gunshot_to_the_head_of_trepidation_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Gunshot To The Head Of Trepidation Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_skylines_severance_guitar_pro.htm,A Skylines Severance,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/anthem_we_are_the_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Anthem We Are The Fire,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_grey_so_dark_guitar_pro.htm,A Grey So Dark,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_view_of_burning_empires_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A View Of Burning Empires,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/as_i_am_exploding_guitar_pro.htm,As I Am Exploding,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_gunshot_to_the_head_of_trepidation_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,A Gunshot To The Head Of Trepidation,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ascendancy_guitar_pro.htm,Ascendancy,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ashes_guitar_pro.htm,Ashes,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/and_sadness_will_sear_guitar_pro.htm,And Sadness Will Sear,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_gunshot_to_the_head_of_trepidation_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Gunshot To The Head Of Trepidation Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/a_skylines_severance_guitar_pro.htm,A Skylines Severance,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/beneath_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Sun,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/built_to_fall_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Built To Fall,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/cease_all_your_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Cease All Your Fire,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/broken_one_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Broken One,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/chaos_reigns_guitar_pro.htm,Chaos Reigns,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/becoming_the_dragon_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Becoming The Dragon,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/blind_leading_the_blind_guitar_pro.htm,Blind Leading The Blind,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/declaration_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Declaration Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/breathe_in_the_flames_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe In The Flames,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/broken_one_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Broken One Intro,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/at_the_end_of_this_war_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,At The End Of This War,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/blinding_tears_will_break_the_skies_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blinding Tears Will Break The Skies,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/capsizing_the_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Capsizing The Sea,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/black_guitar_pro.htm,Black,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/caustic_are_the_ties_that_bind_guitar_pro.htm,Caustic Are The Ties That Bind,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/brave_this_storm_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Brave This Storm Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/contempt_breeds_contamination_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Contempt Breeds Contamination,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/brave_this_storm_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Brave This Storm,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/becoming_the_dragon_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Becoming The Dragon Intro,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/built_to_fall_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Built To Fall Acoustic,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/dead_and_gone_guitar_pro.htm,Dead And Gone,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/down_from_the_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Down From The Sky,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/dusk_dismantled_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Dusk Dismantled,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/drowned_and_torn_asunder_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Drowned And Torn Asunder,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/demon_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Demon,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/drowned_and_torn_asunder_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Drowned And Torn Asunder Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/departure_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Departure,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/dusk_dismantled_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Dusk Dismantled Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/declaration_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Declaration,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/dying_in_your_arms_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Dying In Your Arms,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/detonation_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Detonation,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/drowning_in_slow_motion_guitar_pro.htm,Drowning In Slow Motion,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/fugue_a_revelation_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Fugue A Revelation Solo,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/entrance_of_the_conflagration_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Entrance Of The Conflagration,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ember_to_inferno_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ember To Inferno,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/falling_to_grey_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Falling To Grey,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/he_who_spawned_the_furies_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,He Who Spawned The Furies,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/if_i_could_collapse_the_masses_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,If I Could Collapse The Masses,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/exercises_guitar_pro.htm,Exercises,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/fugue_a_revelation_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fugue A Revelation,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/forsake_not_the_dream_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Forsake Not The Dream,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/ignition_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Ignition,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/iron_maiden_guitar_pro.htm,Iron Maiden,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/insurrection_guitar_pro.htm,Insurrection,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/like_light_to_the_flies_guitar_pro.htm,Like Light To The Flies,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/like_light_to_flies_guitar_pro.htm,Like Light To Flies,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/inception_of_the_end_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Inception Of The End,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/in_waves_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,In Waves,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/into_the_mouth_of_hell_we_march_guitar_pro.htm,Into The Mouth Of Hell We March,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/like_callisto_to_a_star_in_heaven_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Like Callisto To A Star In Heaven,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/kirisute_gomen_guitar_pro.htm,Kirisute Gomen,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/incineration_the_broken_world_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Incineration The Broken World,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/leaving_this_world_behind_guitar_pro.htm,Leaving This World Behind,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/pull_harder_on_the_strings_of_your_martyr_guitar_pro.htm,Pull Harder On The Strings Of Your Martyr,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/rise_above_the_tides_guitar_pro.htm,Rise Above The Tides,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/requiem_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/no_way_to_heal_guitar_pro.htm,No Way To Heal,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/poison_the_knife_or_the_noose_guitar_pro.htm,Poison The Knife Or The Noose,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/rain_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Rain,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/pull_me_from_the_void_guitar_pro.htm,Pull Me From The Void,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/pillars_of_serpents_guitar_pro.htm,Pillars Of Serpents,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/of_prometheus_and_the_crucifix_guitar_pro.htm,Of Prometheus And The Crucifix,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/of_all_these_yesterdays_guitar_pro.htm,Of All These Yesterdays,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/no_hope_for_the_human_race_guitar_pro.htm,No Hope For The Human Race,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/shattering_the_skies_above_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Shattering The Skies Above,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_calamity_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Calamity Intro,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_crusade_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,The Crusade,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_deceived_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Deceived,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/shred_like_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Shred Like Me,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_end_of_everything_guitar_pro.htm,The End Of Everything,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/shogun_guitar_pro.htm,Shogun,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/strife_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Strife,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/slave_new_world_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Slave New World,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_darkness_of_my_mind_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Darkness Of My Mind,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/storm_guitar_pro.htm,Storm,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_calamity_guitar_pro.htm,The Calamity,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/suffocating_sight_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocating Sight,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/sworn_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Sworn,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/silence_in_the_snow_guitar_pro.htm,Silence In The Snow,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/torn_between_scylla_and_charybdis_guitar_pro.htm,Torn Between Scylla And Charybdis,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/to_believe_guitar_pro.htm,To Believe,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/unrepentant_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Unrepentant,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/tread_the_floods_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Tread The Floods,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_rising_guitar_pro.htm,The Rising,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/throes_of_perdition_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Throes Of Perdition Intro,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/to_burn_the_eye_guitar_pro.htm,To Burn The Eye,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/through_blood_and_dirt_and_bone_guitar_pro.htm,Through Blood And Dirt And Bone,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_ghost_thats_haunting_you_guitar_pro.htm,The Ghost Thats Haunting You,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/until_the_world_goes_cold_guitar_pro.htm,Until The World Goes Cold,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/this_world_cant_tear_us_apart_guitar_pro.htm,This World Cant Tear Us Apart,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/upon_the_shores_guitar_pro.htm,Upon The Shores,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/throes_of_perdition_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Throes Of Perdition,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_end_of_everything_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The End Of Everything,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/the_thing_thats_killing_me_guitar_pro.htm,The Thing Thats Killing Me,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/to_the_rats_guitar_pro.htm,To The Rats,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/washing_away_me_in_the_tides_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Washing Away Me In The Tides,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/villainy_thrives_guitar_pro.htm,Villainy Thrives,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/vengeance_falls_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Vengeance Falls,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/vengeance_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Vengeance,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/watch_the_world_burn_guitar_pro.htm,Watch The World Burn,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/wake_the_end_is_nigh_guitar_pro.htm,Wake The End Is Nigh,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/trivium/when_all_light_dies_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,When All Light Dies,Trivium
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/september_guitar_pro.htm,September,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/indelible_mistakes_guitar_pro.htm,Indelible Mistakes,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/ghosts_guitar_pro.htm,Ghosts,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/only_memories_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Only Memories,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/a_beautiful_white_guitar_pro.htm,A Beautiful White,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/september_guitar_pro.htm,September,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/indelible_mistakes_guitar_pro.htm,Indelible Mistakes,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/ghosts_guitar_pro.htm,Ghosts,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/only_memories_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Only Memories,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/heart_in_hand/a_beautiful_white_guitar_pro.htm,A Beautiful White,Heart in Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/behind_silence_and_solitude_guitar_pro.htm,Behind Silence And Solitude,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/deepest_grey_guitar_pro.htm,Deepest Grey,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/a_song_for_the_hopeless_guitar_pro.htm,A Song For The Hopeless,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/down_through_the_ages_guitar_pro.htm,Down Through The Ages,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/and_death_in_my_arms_guitar_pro.htm,And Death In My Arms,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/before_the_damned_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Before The Damned,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/dead_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Wrong,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/days_without_guitar_pro.htm,Days Without,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/do_not_obey_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Do Not Obey,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/chiron_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Chiron,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/aggressive_opposition_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Aggressive Opposition,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/clarity_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/become_the_catalyst_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Become The Catalyst,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/air_that_i_breathe_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Air That I Breathe,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/behind_silence_and_solitude_guitar_pro.htm,Behind Silence And Solitude,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/deepest_grey_guitar_pro.htm,Deepest Grey,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/a_song_for_the_hopeless_guitar_pro.htm,A Song For The Hopeless,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/down_through_the_ages_guitar_pro.htm,Down Through The Ages,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/and_death_in_my_arms_guitar_pro.htm,And Death In My Arms,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/before_the_damned_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Before The Damned,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/dead_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Wrong,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/days_without_guitar_pro.htm,Days Without,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/do_not_obey_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Do Not Obey,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/chiron_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Chiron,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/aggressive_opposition_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Aggressive Opposition,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/clarity_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/become_the_catalyst_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Become The Catalyst,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/air_that_i_breathe_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Air That I Breathe,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/from_the_outside_guitar_pro.htm,From The Outside,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/indictment_guitar_pro.htm,Indictment,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/hold_on_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hold On,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/forever_in_your_hands_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forever In Your Hands,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/focus_shall_not_fail_guitar_pro.htm,Focus Shall Not Fail,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/just_moments_in_time_guitar_pro.htm,Just Moments In Time,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/for_salvation_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For Salvation,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/i_believe_in_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,I Believe In Nothing,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/it_dwells_on_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,It Dwells On Me,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/erase_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Erase,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/not_alone_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Not Alone,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/for_we_are_many_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For We Are Many,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/forever_in_your_hands_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Forever In Your Hands Acoustic,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/i_die_in_degrees_guitar_pro.htm,I Die In Degrees,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/empty_inside_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Empty Inside,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/relinquish_guitar_pro.htm,Relinquish,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/the_last_time_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Time,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/the_air_that_i_breathe_guitar_pro.htm,The Air That I Breathe,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/six_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Six,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/now_let_them_tremble_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Now Let Them Tremble,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/regret_not_guitar_pro.htm,Regret Not,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/some_of_the_people_all_of_the_time_guitar_pro.htm,Some Of The People All Of The Time,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/passion_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Passion,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/stand_up_guitar_pro.htm,Stand Up,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/the_deepest_gray_guitar_pro.htm,The Deepest Gray,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/tattered_on_my_sleeve_guitar_pro.htm,Tattered On My Sleeve,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/overcome_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Overcome,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/we_stand_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,We Stand,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/this_darkened_heart_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,This Darkened Heart,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/the_last_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Time,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/two_weeks_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Two Weeks,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/undone_guitar_pro.htm,Undone,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/the_waiting_one_guitar_pro.htm,The Waiting One,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/this_calling_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,This Calling,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/weak_willed_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Weak Willed,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/whispers_i_hear_you_guitar_pro.htm,Whispers I Hear You,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/wont_go_quietly_guitar_pro.htm,Wont Go Quietly,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/whispers_i_hear_your_guitar_pro.htm,Whispers I Hear Your,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_that_remains/what_if_i_was_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,What If I Was Nothing,All That Remains
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/slice_paper_wrists_guitar_pro.htm,Slice Paper Wrists,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/nerdy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nerdy,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/my_mirror_no_longer_reflects_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Mirror No Longer Reflects,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/slice_paper_wrists_guitar_pro.htm,Slice Paper Wrists,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/nerdy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nerdy,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/poison_the_well/my_mirror_no_longer_reflects_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Mirror No Longer Reflects,Poison the Well
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hail_the_sun/words_of_gratitude_guitar_pro.htm,Words Of Gratitude,Hail the Sun
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hail_the_sun/black_serotonin_guitar_pro.htm,Black Serotonin,Hail the Sun
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hail_the_sun/words_of_gratitude_guitar_pro.htm,Words Of Gratitude,Hail the Sun
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hail_the_sun/black_serotonin_guitar_pro.htm,Black Serotonin,Hail the Sun
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/treetops_guitar_pro.htm,Treetops,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/aviation_guitar_pro.htm,Aviation,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/glass_faces_guitar_pro.htm,Glass Faces,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/treetops_guitar_pro.htm,Treetops,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/aviation_guitar_pro.htm,Aviation,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/corelia/glass_faces_guitar_pro.htm,Glass Faces,Corelia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/walls_of_jericho/the_american_dream_guitar_pro.htm,The American Dream,Walls of Jericho
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/walls_of_jericho/the_american_dream_guitar_pro.htm,The American Dream,Walls of Jericho
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/animals_guitar_pro.htm,Animals,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/boys_of_fall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Boys Of Fall,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/blinding_light_guitar_pro.htm,Blinding Light,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/black_sheep_guitar_pro.htm,Black Sheep,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/an_american_dream_guitar_pro.htm,An American Dream,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/blackwood_guitar_pro.htm,Blackwood,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/1162011_guitar_pro.htm,1162011,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/broken_promises_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Promises,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/beauty_in_tragedy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beauty In Tragedy,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/40_nights_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,40 Nights,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/a_shot_below_the_belt_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Shot Below The Belt,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/back_burner_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Back Burner,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/balance_guitar_pro.htm,Balance,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/baby_one_more_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Baby One More Time,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/barbarian_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Barbarian,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/animals_guitar_pro.htm,Animals,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/boys_of_fall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Boys Of Fall,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/blinding_light_guitar_pro.htm,Blinding Light,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/black_sheep_guitar_pro.htm,Black Sheep,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/an_american_dream_guitar_pro.htm,An American Dream,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/blackwood_guitar_pro.htm,Blackwood,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/1162011_guitar_pro.htm,1162011,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/broken_promises_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Promises,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/beauty_in_tragedy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beauty In Tragedy,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/40_nights_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,40 Nights,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/a_shot_below_the_belt_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Shot Below The Belt,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/back_burner_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Back Burner,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/balance_guitar_pro.htm,Balance,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/baby_one_more_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Baby One More Time,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/barbarian_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Barbarian,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/divisions_guitar_pro.htm,Divisions,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/cutting_the_ties_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cutting The Ties,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/crusades_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Crusades,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/eve_of_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Eve Of The End,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/composure_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Composure,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/carol_of_the_bells_guitar_pro.htm,Carol Of The Bells,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/carpe_diem_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Carpe Diem,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/everlasting_ending_guitar_pro.htm,Everlasting Ending,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/eleventh_hour_guitar_pro.htm,Eleventh Hour,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/creative_captivity_guitar_pro.htm,Creative Captivity,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/count_it_all_as_lost_guitar_pro.htm,Count It All As Lost,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/echoes_guitar_pro.htm,Echoes,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/empire_guitar_pro.htm,Empire,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/consumer_guitar_pro.htm,Consumer,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/chasing_the_dragon_guitar_pro.htm,Chasing The Dragon,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/flurries_guitar_pro.htm,Flurries,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/jingle_bells_guitar_pro.htm,Jingle Bells,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/martyr_guitar_pro.htm,Martyr,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/meddler_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Meddler,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/god_rest_ye_merry_gentlemen_guitar_pro.htm,God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/marianas_trench_guitar_pro.htm,Marianas Trench,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/indonesia_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Indonesia,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/internal_cannon_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Internal Cannon,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/internal_cannon_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Internal Cannon Acoustic,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/fault_line_guitar_pro.htm,Fault Line,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/marathon_guitar_pro.htm,Marathon,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/frosty_the_snowman_guitar_pro.htm,Frosty The Snowman,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/existence_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Existence,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/ghosts_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ghosts,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/majoring_in_the_minors_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Majoring In The Minors,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/leveler_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Leveler,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/identity_guitar_pro.htm,Identity,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/ocean_of_apathy_guitar_pro.htm,Ocean Of Apathy,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/paradox_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Paradox,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/pangaea_guitar_pro.htm,Pangaea,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/redemption_guitar_pro.htm,Redemption,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/rationalist_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Rationalist,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/o_come_o_come_emmanuel_guitar_pro.htm,O Come O Come Emmanuel,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/poor_millionaire_guitar_pro.htm,Poor Millionaire,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/sincerity_guitar_pro.htm,Sincerity,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/the_balance_guitar_pro.htm,The Balance,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/salt_and_light_guitar_pro.htm,Salt And Light,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/spirit_breaker_guitar_pro.htm,Spirit Breaker,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/speech_impediment_guitar_pro.htm,Speech Impediment,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/pangea_guitar_pro.htm,Pangea,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/mosley_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Mosley,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/provision_guitar_pro.htm,Provision,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/meridian_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Meridian,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/salt_light_guitar_pro.htm,Salt Light,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/reflective_property_guitar_pro.htm,Reflective Property,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/thirty_and_seven_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Thirty And Seven,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/truth_of_a_liar_guitar_pro.htm,Truth Of A Liar,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/the_wake_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,The Wake,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/twenty-one_grams_guitar_pro.htm,Twenty-One Grams,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/white_washed_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,White Washed,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/your_little_suburbia_is_in_ruins_guitar_pro.htm,Your Little Suburbia Is In Ruins,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/the_escape_artist_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,The Escape Artist,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/treatment_guitar_pro.htm,Treatment,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/up_against_the_ropes_guitar_pro.htm,Up Against The Ropes,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/august_burns_red/vital_signs_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Vital Signs,August Burns Red
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/a_devil_in_gods_country_guitar_pro.htm,A Devil In Gods Country,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/ashes_of_the_wake_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Ashes Of The Wake,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/an_extra_nail_for_your_coffin_guitar_pro.htm,An Extra Nail For Your Coffin,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/again_we_rise_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Again We Rise,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/barbarosa_guitar_pro.htm,Barbarosa,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/as_the_palaces_burn_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,As The Palaces Burn,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/beating_on_deaths_door_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beating On Deaths Door,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/512_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,512,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/11th_hour_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,11Th Hour,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/a_devil_in_gods_country_guitar_pro.htm,A Devil In Gods Country,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/ashes_of_the_wake_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Ashes Of The Wake,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/an_extra_nail_for_your_coffin_guitar_pro.htm,An Extra Nail For Your Coffin,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/again_we_rise_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Again We Rise,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/barbarosa_guitar_pro.htm,Barbarosa,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/as_the_palaces_burn_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,As The Palaces Burn,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/beating_on_deaths_door_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beating On Deaths Door,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/512_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,512,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/11th_hour_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,11Th Hour,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/black_label_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Black Label,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/blood_junkie_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Junkie,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/broken_hands_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Hands,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/bury_me_under_the_sun_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Me Under The Sun Intro,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/choke_sermon_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Choke Sermon,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/condemn_the_hive_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Condemn The Hive,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/bury_me_under_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Me Under The Sun,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/blacken_the_cursed_sun_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Blacken The Cursed Sun,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/break_you_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Break You,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/blood_of_the_scribe_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Of The Scribe,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/boot_scraper_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Boot Scraper,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/erase_this_guitar_pro.htm,Erase This,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/everything_to_nothing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Everything To Nothing,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/for_your_malice_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,For Your Malice,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/delusion_pandemic_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Delusion Pandemic,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/desolation_guitar_pro.htm,Desolation,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/foot_to_the_throat_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Foot To The Throat,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/embers_guitar_pro.htm,Embers,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/contractor_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Contractor,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/dead_seeds_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Seeds,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/descending_guitar_pro.htm,Descending,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/fake_messiah_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Fake Messiah,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/faded_line_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Faded Line,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/engage_the_fear_machine_guitar_pro.htm,Engage The Fear Machine,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/king_me_guitar_pro.htm,King Me,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/insurrection_guitar_pro.htm,Insurrection,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/ghost_walking_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Walking Solo,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/in_your_words_guitar_pro.htm,In Your Words,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/guilty_guitar_pro.htm,Guilty,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/laid_to_rest_guitar_pro.htm,Laid To Rest,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/hit_the_wall_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Hit The Wall Intro,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/ghost_walking_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Walking,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/in_the_absence_of_the_sacred_guitar_pro.htm,In The Absence Of The Sacred,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/hit_the_wall_guitar_pro.htm,Hit The Wall,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/forgotten_lost_angels_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Forgotten Lost Angels,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/grace_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Grace,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/hourglass_ver11_guitar_pro.htm,Hourglass,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/overlord_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Overlord,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/pathetic_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Pathetic,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/now_youve_got_something_to_die_for_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Now Youve Got Something To Die For,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/omerta_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Omerta,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/more_time_to_kill_guitar_pro.htm,More Time To Kill,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/letter_to_the_unborn_guitar_pro.htm,Letter To The Unborn,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/nightmare_seeker_guitar_pro.htm,Nightmare Seeker,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/one_gun_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,One Gun,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/purified_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Purified,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/still_echoes_guitar_pro.htm,Still Echoes,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/set_to_fail_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Set To Fail,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/requiem_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/shoulder_of_your_god_guitar_pro.htm,Shoulder Of Your God,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/ruin_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ruin,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/reclamation_guitar_pro.htm,Reclamation,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/red_neck_guitar_pro.htm,Red Neck,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/remorse_is_for_the_dead_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Remorse Is For The Dead,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/redneck_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Redneck,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/straight_for_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,Straight For The Sun,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/terminally_unique_guitar_pro.htm,Terminally Unique,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/the_number_six_guitar_pro.htm,The Number Six,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/walk_with_me_in_hell_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Walk With Me In Hell,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/the_passing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Passing,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/to_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,To The End,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/walk_with_me_in_hell_1_guitar_pro.htm,Walk With Me In Hell 1,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/visitation_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Visitation,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/the_undertow_guitar_pro.htm,The Undertow,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/the_subtle_arts_of_murder_and_persuasion_guitar_pro.htm,The Subtle Arts Of Murder And Persuasion,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/wine_and_piss_guitar_pro.htm,Wine And Piss,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/what_ive_become_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,What Ive Become,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/vigil_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Vigil,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/torches_guitar_pro.htm,Torches,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/lamb_of_god/we_die_alone_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,We Die Alone,Lamb of God
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/asche_zu_asche_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Asche Zu Asche,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/amerika_guitar_pro.htm,Amerika,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/benzin_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benzin,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/adios_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Adios,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/bck_dich_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bck Dich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/5_4_guitar_pro.htm,5 4,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/alter_mann_guitar_pro.htm,Alter Mann,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/amour_guitar_pro.htm,Amour,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/asche_zu_asche_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Asche Zu Asche,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/amerika_guitar_pro.htm,Amerika,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/benzin_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benzin,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/adios_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Adios,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/bck_dich_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bck Dich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/5_4_guitar_pro.htm,5 4,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/alter_mann_guitar_pro.htm,Alter Mann,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/amour_guitar_pro.htm,Amour,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/du_hast_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Du Hast,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/dalai_lama_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Dalai Lama,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/die_zeit_guitar_pro.htm,Die Zeit,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/biest_guitar_pro.htm,Biest,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/das_alte_leid_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Das Alte Leid,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/das_modell_guitar_pro.htm,Das Modell,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/donaukinder_guitar_pro.htm,Donaukinder,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/bestrafe_mich_guitar_pro.htm,Bestrafe Mich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/der_meister_guitar_pro.htm,Der Meister,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/buck_dich_guitar_pro.htm,Buck Dich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/buckstabu_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Buckstabu,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/eifersucht_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Eifersucht,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/feuerrader_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Feuerrader,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/ein_lied_guitar_pro.htm,Ein Lied,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/feuer_frei_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Feuer Frei,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/fruhling_in_paris_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fruhling In Paris,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/gib_mir_deine_augen_guitar_pro.htm,Gib Mir Deine Augen,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/engel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Engel,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/fuhre_mich_guitar_pro.htm,Fuhre Mich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/du_riechst_so_gut_guitar_pro.htm,Du Riechst So Gut,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/feuer_und_wasser_guitar_pro.htm,Feuer Und Wasser,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/hilf_mir_guitar_pro.htm,Hilf Mir,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/halt_guitar_pro.htm,Halt,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/heirate_mich_guitar_pro.htm,Heirate Mich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/herzeleid_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Herzeleid,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/haifisch_guitar_pro.htm,Haifisch,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/hallelujah_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hallelujah,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/ich_tu_dir_weh_guitar_pro.htm,Ich Tu Dir Weh,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/keine_lust_guitar_pro.htm,Keine Lust,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/ich_will_guitar_pro.htm,Ich Will,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/liebe_ist_fur_alle_da_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Liebe Ist Fur Alle Da,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/kokain_guitar_pro.htm,Kokain,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/kuss_mich_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Kuss Mich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mann_gegen_mann_guitar_pro.htm,Mann Gegen Mann,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/klavier_guitar_pro.htm,Klavier,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/links_2_3_4_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Links 2 3 4,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/los_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Los,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/laichzeit_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Laichzeit,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/links_2_3_4_live_guitar_pro.htm,Links 2 3 4 Live,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mehr_guitar_pro.htm,Mehr,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mein_herz_brennt_guitar_pro.htm,Mein Herz Brennt,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/pussy_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Pussy,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mein_land_guitar_pro.htm,Mein Land,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mutter_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Mutter,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/moskau_guitar_pro.htm,Moskau,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/nebel_guitar_pro.htm,Nebel,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/pet_semetary_guitar_pro.htm,Pet Semetary,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/mein_teil_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Mein Teil,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/ohne_dich_guitar_pro.htm,Ohne Dich,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/morgenstern_guitar_pro.htm,Morgenstern,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/rosenrot_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rosenrot,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/reise_reise_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Reise Reise,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/rein_raus_guitar_pro.htm,Rein Raus,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/rammstein_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rammstein,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/sehnsucht_guitar_pro.htm,Sehnsucht,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/rammvier_ramm4_guitar_pro.htm,Rammvier Ramm4,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/rammlied_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rammlied,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/seemann_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Seemann,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/roter_sand_guitar_pro.htm,Roter Sand,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/stein_um_stein_guitar_pro.htm,Stein Um Stein,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/stirb_nicht_vor_mir_dont_die_before_i_do_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Stirb Nicht Vor Mir Dont Die Before I Do,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/spring_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Spring,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/spiel_mit_mir_guitar_pro.htm,Spiel Mit Mir,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/te_quiero_puta_guitar_pro.htm,Te Quiero Puta,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/tier_guitar_pro.htm,Tier,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/stripped_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Stripped,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/spieluhr_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Spieluhr,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/sonne_guitar_pro.htm,Sonne,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/wiener_blut_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wiener Blut,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/wollt_ihr_das_bett_in_flammen_sehen_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wollt Ihr Das Bett In Flammen Sehen,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/waidmanns_heil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Waidmanns Heil,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/zerstoren_guitar_pro.htm,Zerstoren,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/wilder_wein_guitar_pro.htm,Wilder Wein,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/zwitter_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Zwitter,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/weisses_fleisch_guitar_pro.htm,Weisses Fleisch,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rammstein/wo_bist_du_guitar_pro.htm,Wo Bist Du,Rammstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/the_lines_guitar_pro_1510460id_12082014date.htm,The Lines,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/in_between_guitar_pro_1510783id_13082014date.htm,In Between,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/dead_guitar_pro_1510733id_12082014date.htm,Dead,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/one_more_guitar_pro_1506266id_30072014date.htm,One More,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/king_of_anything_guitar_pro_1855776id_23062016date.htm,King Of Anything,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/i_have_a_problem_guitar_pro_1510751id_13082014date.htm,I Have A Problem,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/me_in_my_own_head_guitar_pro_1871145id_30082016date.htm,Me In My Own Head,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/go_be_the_voice_guitar_pro_1450231id_25122013date.htm,Go Be The Voice,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/body_bag_guitar_pro_1519257id_11092014date.htm,Body Bag,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/however_you_want_it_said_guitar_pro_1859247id_09072016date.htm,However You Want It Said,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/aggressive_guitar_pro_1840527id_30042016date.htm,Aggressive,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/beaten_in_lips_guitar_pro_1510705id_12082014date.htm,Beaten In Lips,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/the_lines_guitar_pro_1510460id_12082014date.htm,The Lines,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/in_between_guitar_pro_1510783id_13082014date.htm,In Between,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/dead_guitar_pro_1510733id_12082014date.htm,Dead,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/one_more_guitar_pro_1506266id_30072014date.htm,One More,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/king_of_anything_guitar_pro_1855776id_23062016date.htm,King Of Anything,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/i_have_a_problem_guitar_pro_1510751id_13082014date.htm,I Have A Problem,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/me_in_my_own_head_guitar_pro_1871145id_30082016date.htm,Me In My Own Head,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/go_be_the_voice_guitar_pro_1450231id_25122013date.htm,Go Be The Voice,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/body_bag_guitar_pro_1519257id_11092014date.htm,Body Bag,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/however_you_want_it_said_guitar_pro_1859247id_09072016date.htm,However You Want It Said,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/aggressive_guitar_pro_1840527id_30042016date.htm,Aggressive,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/beartooth/beaten_in_lips_guitar_pro_1510705id_12082014date.htm,Beaten In Lips,Beartooth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/blueprints_for_future_homes_guitar_pro.htm,Blueprints For Future Homes,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/1000000_watts_guitar_pro.htm,1000000 Watts,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_small_spark_vs_a_great_forest_guitar_pro.htm,A Small Spark Vs A Great Forest,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/bastardizer_guitar_pro.htm,Bastardizer,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/bayonetwork_guitar_pro.htm,Bayonetwork,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_temperamental_widower_guitar_pro.htm,A Temperamental Widower,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/deathbed_atheist_guitar_pro.htm,Deathbed Atheist,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_grand_scene_for_a_color_film_guitar_pro.htm,A Grand Scene For A Color Film,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/blueprints_for_future_homes_guitar_pro.htm,Blueprints For Future Homes,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/1000000_watts_guitar_pro.htm,1000000 Watts,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_small_spark_vs_a_great_forest_guitar_pro.htm,A Small Spark Vs A Great Forest,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/bastardizer_guitar_pro.htm,Bastardizer,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/bayonetwork_guitar_pro.htm,Bayonetwork,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_temperamental_widower_guitar_pro.htm,A Temperamental Widower,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/deathbed_atheist_guitar_pro.htm,Deathbed Atheist,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/a_grand_scene_for_a_color_film_guitar_pro.htm,A Grand Scene For A Color Film,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/shaunluu_guitar_pro.htm,Shaunluu,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/leaderless_and_self_enlisted_guitar_pro.htm,Leaderless And Self Enlisted,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/murphy_was_an_optimist_guitar_pro.htm,Murphy Was An Optimist,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/if_you_got_it_at_five_you_got_it_at_fifty_guitar_pro.htm,If You Got It At Five You Got It At Fifty,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norma_jean/self_employed_chemist_guitar_pro.htm,Self Employed Chemist,Norma Jean
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/heavy_lies_the_ground_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Lies The Ground,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/fingers_like_daggers_guitar_pro.htm,Fingers Like Daggers,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/encased_in_ice_guitar_pro.htm,Encased In Ice,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/rareform_guitar_pro.htm,Rareform,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_fractal_effect_guitar_pro.htm,The Fractal Effect,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/warm_thoughts_of_warfare_guitar_pro.htm,Warm Thoughts Of Warfare,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/cursing_akhenaten_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Cursing Akhenaten,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/anti-pattern_guitar_pro.htm,Anti-Pattern,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_endless_march_guitar_pro.htm,The Endless March,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/engulfed_guitar_pro.htm,Engulfed,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/virga_guitar_pro.htm,Virga,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/to_carry_you_away_guitar_pro.htm,To Carry You Away,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/collapse_guitar_pro.htm,Collapse,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pi_the_mercury_god_of_infinity_guitar_pro.htm,Pi The Mercury God Of Infinity,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/bread_crumbs_and_white_stones_guitar_pro.htm,Bread Crumbs And White Stones,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_forfeit_guitar_pro.htm,The Forfeit,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_wolf_amongst_ravens_guitar_pro.htm,A Wolf Amongst Ravens,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/ometh_guitar_pro.htm,Ometh,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/deluge_guitar_pro.htm,Deluge,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pendulum_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Pendulum Intro,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/aspiration_guitar_pro.htm,Aspiration,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/drifts_guitar_pro.htm,Drifts,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/laurentian_ghosts_guitar_pro.htm,Laurentian Ghosts,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/isolation_theory_guitar_pro.htm,Isolation Theory,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/berzerker_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Berzerker,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/redeeming_the_wretched_guitar_pro.htm,Redeeming The Wretched,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/your_troubles_will_cease_and_fortune_will_smile_upon_you_guitar_pro.htm,Your Troubles Will Cease And Fortune Will Smile Upon You,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pi_the_mercury_god_of_infinity_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Pi The Mercury God Of Infinity Solo,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/neo_seoul_intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Neo Seoul,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_steady_decline_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Steady Decline,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_vicious_reforming_of_features_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Vicious Reforming Of Features Solo,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/lost_in_the_static_guitar_pro.htm,Lost In The Static,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/my_frailty_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Frailty,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/heavy_lies_the_ground_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Lies The Ground,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/fingers_like_daggers_guitar_pro.htm,Fingers Like Daggers,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/encased_in_ice_guitar_pro.htm,Encased In Ice,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/rareform_guitar_pro.htm,Rareform,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_fractal_effect_guitar_pro.htm,The Fractal Effect,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/warm_thoughts_of_warfare_guitar_pro.htm,Warm Thoughts Of Warfare,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/cursing_akhenaten_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Cursing Akhenaten,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/anti-pattern_guitar_pro.htm,Anti-Pattern,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_endless_march_guitar_pro.htm,The Endless March,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/engulfed_guitar_pro.htm,Engulfed,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/virga_guitar_pro.htm,Virga,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/to_carry_you_away_guitar_pro.htm,To Carry You Away,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/collapse_guitar_pro.htm,Collapse,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pi_the_mercury_god_of_infinity_guitar_pro.htm,Pi The Mercury God Of Infinity,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/bread_crumbs_and_white_stones_guitar_pro.htm,Bread Crumbs And White Stones,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/the_forfeit_guitar_pro.htm,The Forfeit,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_wolf_amongst_ravens_guitar_pro.htm,A Wolf Amongst Ravens,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/ometh_guitar_pro.htm,Ometh,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/deluge_guitar_pro.htm,Deluge,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pendulum_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Pendulum Intro,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/aspiration_guitar_pro.htm,Aspiration,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/drifts_guitar_pro.htm,Drifts,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/laurentian_ghosts_guitar_pro.htm,Laurentian Ghosts,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/isolation_theory_guitar_pro.htm,Isolation Theory,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/berzerker_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Berzerker,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/redeeming_the_wretched_guitar_pro.htm,Redeeming The Wretched,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/your_troubles_will_cease_and_fortune_will_smile_upon_you_guitar_pro.htm,Your Troubles Will Cease And Fortune Will Smile Upon You,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/pi_the_mercury_god_of_infinity_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Pi The Mercury God Of Infinity Solo,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/neo_seoul_intro_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Neo Seoul,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_steady_decline_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Steady Decline,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/a_vicious_reforming_of_features_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Vicious Reforming Of Features Solo,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/lost_in_the_static_guitar_pro.htm,Lost In The Static,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/after_the_burial/my_frailty_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Frailty,After the Burial
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/cut_me_loose_guitar_pro.htm,Cut Me Loose,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/declaration_guitar_pro.htm,Declaration,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/and_embers_rise_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,And Embers Rise,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/breathe_life_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe Life,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_bid_farewell_live_guitar_pro.htm,A Bid Farewell Live,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/all_we_have_guitar_pro.htm,All We Have,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/alone_i_stand_guitar_pro.htm,Alone I Stand,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_tribute_to_the_fallen_guitar_pro.htm,A Tribute To The Fallen,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/beyond_the_flames_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond The Flames,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_bid_farewell_guitar_pro.htm,A Bid Farewell,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/element_of_one_guitar_pro.htm,Element Of One,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/bid_farewell_guitar_pro.htm,Bid Farewell,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/break_the_silence_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Break The Silence Intro,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/be_one_guitar_pro.htm,Be One,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/arms_of_sorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of Sorrow,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/always_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Always,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/break_the_silence_guitar_pro.htm,Break The Silence,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/daylight_dies_guitar_pro.htm,Daylight Dies,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/desperate_times_guitar_pro.htm,Desperate Times,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/cut_me_loose_guitar_pro.htm,Cut Me Loose,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/declaration_guitar_pro.htm,Declaration,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/and_embers_rise_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,And Embers Rise,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/breathe_life_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe Life,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_bid_farewell_live_guitar_pro.htm,A Bid Farewell Live,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/all_we_have_guitar_pro.htm,All We Have,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/alone_i_stand_guitar_pro.htm,Alone I Stand,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_tribute_to_the_fallen_guitar_pro.htm,A Tribute To The Fallen,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/beyond_the_flames_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond The Flames,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/a_bid_farewell_guitar_pro.htm,A Bid Farewell,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/element_of_one_guitar_pro.htm,Element Of One,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/bid_farewell_guitar_pro.htm,Bid Farewell,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/break_the_silence_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Break The Silence Intro,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/be_one_guitar_pro.htm,Be One,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/arms_of_sorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of Sorrow,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/always_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Always,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/break_the_silence_guitar_pro.htm,Break The Silence,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/daylight_dies_guitar_pro.htm,Daylight Dies,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/desperate_times_guitar_pro.htm,Desperate Times,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/in_the_unblind_guitar_pro.htm,In The Unblind,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/it_falls_on_me_guitar_pro.htm,It Falls On Me,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/irreversal_guitar_pro.htm,Irreversal,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/fixation_on_the_darkness_guitar_pro.htm,Fixation On The Darkness,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/eye_of_the_storm_guitar_pro.htm,Eye Of The Storm,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/in_due_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In Due Time,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/for_you_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For You,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/just_barely_breathing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Just Barely Breathing,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/hope_is_guitar_pro.htm,Hope Is,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/hate_by_design_guitar_pro.htm,Hate By Design,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/inhale_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Inhale,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/i_would_do_anything_guitar_pro.htm,I Would Do Anything,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/end_of_heartache_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,End Of Heartache,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/holy_diver_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Holy Diver,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/in_a_dead_world_guitar_pro.htm,In A Dead World,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/embrace_the_journey_upraised_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace The Journey Upraised,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/light_in_a_darkened_world_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Light In A Darkened World,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/my_life_for_yours_guitar_pro.htm,My Life For Yours,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/just_let_go_guitar_pro.htm,Just Let Go,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/lost_guitar_pro.htm,Lost,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/my_curse_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,My Curse Acoustic,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/never_again_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Never Again,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/no_end_in_sight_guitar_pro.htm,No End In Sight,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/just_barely_breathing_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Just Barely Breathing,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/loyalty_guitar_pro.htm,Loyalty,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/my_curse_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,My Curse,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/life_to_lifeless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Life To Lifeless,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/my_obsession_guitar_pro.htm,My Obsession,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/my_last_serenade_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Last Serenade,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/numbered_days_guitar_pro.htm,Numbered Days,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/self_revolution_guitar_pro.htm,Self Revolution,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/soilborn_guitar_pro.htm,Soilborn,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/still_beats_your_name_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Still Beats Your Name,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/strength_of_the_mind_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Strength Of The Mind,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/rise_inside_guitar_pro.htm,Rise Inside,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/reject_yourself_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Reject Yourself,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/take_this_oath_guitar_pro.htm,Take This Oath,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/save_me_guitar_pro.htm,Save Me,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/starting_over_guitar_pro.htm,Starting Over,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/rusted_embrace_guitar_pro.htm,Rusted Embrace,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/rose_of_sharyn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rose Of Sharyn,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/take_me_away_guitar_pro.htm,Take Me Away,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/reckoning_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Reckoning,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/prelude_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Prelude,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_hell_in_me_guitar_pro.htm,The Hell In Me,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_return_guitar_pro.htm,The Return,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_end_of_heartache_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The End Of Heartache,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_end_of_the_heartache_guitar_pro.htm,The End Of The Heartache,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_element_of_one_guitar_pro.htm,The Element Of One,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/this_is_goodbye_guitar_pro.htm,This Is Goodbye,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_call_guitar_pro.htm,The Call,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/this_fire_burns_guitar_pro.htm,This Fire Burns,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_great_deceit_guitar_pro.htm,The Great Deceit,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/unbroken_guitar_pro.htm,Unbroken,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_forgotten_guitar_pro.htm,The Forgotten,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/this_is_absolution_guitar_pro.htm,This Is Absolution,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/the_new_awakening_guitar_pro.htm,The New Awakening,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/to_the_sons_of_man_guitar_pro.htm,To The Sons Of Man,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/temple_from_the_within_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Temple From The Within,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/wasted_sacrifice_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Wasted Sacrifice,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/untitled_and_unloved_guitar_pro.htm,Untitled And Unloved,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/when_the_balance_is_broken_guitar_pro.htm,When The Balance Is Broken,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/when_darkness_falls_guitar_pro.htm,When Darkness Falls,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/vide_infra_guitar_pro.htm,Vide Infra,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/we_carry_on_guitar_pro.htm,We Carry On,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/killswitch_engage/world_ablaze_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,World Ablaze,Killswitch Engage
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/america_the_beautiful_guitar_pro.htm,America The Beautiful,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/born_to_lose_guitar_pro.htm,Born To Lose,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/bridge_to_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Bridge To Cross,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/bleed_for_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bleed For Me,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/angel_of_mercy_solo_guitar_pro_1715841id_27022015date.htm,Angel Of Mercy Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/aint_no_sunshine_guitar_pro_1446563id_11122013date.htm,Aint No Sunshine,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/13_years_of_grief_guitar_pro.htm,13 Years Of Grief,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/blackened_waters_ver2_guitar_pro_806874id_28032009date.htm,Blackened Waters,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/blessed_hellride_guitar_pro.htm,Blessed Hellride,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/angel_of_mercy_guitar_pro_1758974id_12082015date.htm,Angel Of Mercy,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/black_mass_reverends_guitar_pro.htm,Black Mass Reverends,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/battering_ram_guitar_pro.htm,Battering Ram,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/america_the_beautiful_guitar_pro.htm,America The Beautiful,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/born_to_lose_guitar_pro.htm,Born To Lose,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/bridge_to_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Bridge To Cross,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/bleed_for_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bleed For Me,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/angel_of_mercy_solo_guitar_pro_1715841id_27022015date.htm,Angel Of Mercy Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/aint_no_sunshine_guitar_pro_1446563id_11122013date.htm,Aint No Sunshine,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/13_years_of_grief_guitar_pro.htm,13 Years Of Grief,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/blackened_waters_ver2_guitar_pro_806874id_28032009date.htm,Blackened Waters,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/blessed_hellride_guitar_pro.htm,Blessed Hellride,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/angel_of_mercy_guitar_pro_1758974id_12082015date.htm,Angel Of Mercy,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/black_mass_reverends_guitar_pro.htm,Black Mass Reverends,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/battering_ram_guitar_pro.htm,Battering Ram,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/crazy_horse_guitar_pro_978138id_16082010date.htm,Crazy Horse,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/demise_of_sanity_guitar_pro.htm,Demise Of Sanity,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/fire_it_up_guitar_pro.htm,Fire It Up,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/forever_down_guitar_pro.htm,Forever Down,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/destruction_overdrive_guitar_pro.htm,Destruction Overdrive,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/death_march_guitar_pro.htm,Death March,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/dirt_on_the_grave_guitar_pro_796830id_02032009date.htm,Dirt On The Grave,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/crazy_or_high_guitar_pro.htm,Crazy Or High,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/concrete_jungle_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Concrete Jungle,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/fire_it_up_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Fire It Up Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/funeral_bell_guitar_pro.htm,Funeral Bell,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/doomsday_jesus_guitar_pro.htm,Doomsday Jesus,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/heart_of_gold_guitar_pro.htm,Heart Of Gold,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/lords_of_destruction_guitar_pro_991853id_30092010date.htm,Lords Of Destruction,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/graveyard_disciples_guitar_pro.htm,Graveyard Disciples,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/i_never_dreamed_guitar_pro.htm,I Never Dreamed,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/godspeed_hellbound_guitar_pro_1027917id_11022011date.htm,Godspeed Hellbound,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/last_goodbye_guitar_pro.htm,Last Goodbye,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/in_this_river_guitar_pro.htm,In This River,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/house_of_doom_guitar_pro.htm,House Of Doom,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/new_religion_guitar_pro_839315id_22062009date.htm,New Religion,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/hell_is_high_guitar_pro.htm,Hell Is High,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/overlord_guitar_pro_978248id_16082010date.htm,Overlord,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/sold_my_soul_guitar_pro.htm,Sold My Soul,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/southern_dissolution_guitar_pro_1025574id_31012011date.htm,Southern Dissolution,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/spoke_in_the_wheel_guitar_pro.htm,Spoke In The Wheel,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/queen_of_sorrow_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Queen Of Sorrow Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/say_what_you_will_guitar_pro.htm,Say What You Will,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/overlord_solo_guitar_pro_1415520id_03092013date.htm,Overlord Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/stillborn_guitar_pro.htm,Stillborn,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/speedball_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Speedball,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/phoney_smiles_and_fake_hellos_guitar_pro.htm,Phoney Smiles And Fake Hellos,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/stillborn_acoustic_guitar_pro_912065id_21012010date.htm,Stillborn Acoustic,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/rust_guitar_pro.htm,Rust,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/troubled_wine_solo_guitar_pro_814170id_17042009date.htm,Troubled Wine Solo,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/stoned_and_drunk_guitar_pro.htm,Stoned And Drunk,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/we_live_no_more_guitar_pro.htm,We Live No More,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/too_tough_to_die_guitar_pro_961695id_24062010date.htm,Too Tough To Die,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/suffering_overdue_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Suffering Overdue,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/suicide_messiah_guitar_pro.htm,Suicide Messiah,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/the_beginning_at_last_guitar_pro.htm,The Beginning At Last,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_label_society/wont_find_it_here_guitar_pro_909107id_06012010date.htm,Wont Find It Here,Black Label Society
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_showdown/man_named_hell_guitar_pro.htm,Man Named Hell,The Showdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_showdown/man_named_hell_guitar_pro.htm,Man Named Hell,The Showdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/even_a_ghost_has_a_sanctuary_guitar_pro.htm,Even A Ghost Has A Sanctuary,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/lust_of_the_lost_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Lust Of The Lost Solo,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/victim_of_the_virtuoso_guitar_pro.htm,Victim Of The Virtuoso,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/welcome_to_the_show_guitar_pro.htm,Welcome To The Show,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/one_in_the_chamber_guitar_pro.htm,One In The Chamber,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/to_play_hide_and_seek_with_jealousy_guitar_pro.htm,To Play Hide And Seek With Jealousy,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/the_relentless_guitar_pro.htm,The Relentless,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/even_a_ghost_has_a_sanctuary_guitar_pro.htm,Even A Ghost Has A Sanctuary,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/lust_of_the_lost_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Lust Of The Lost Solo,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/victim_of_the_virtuoso_guitar_pro.htm,Victim Of The Virtuoso,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/welcome_to_the_show_guitar_pro.htm,Welcome To The Show,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/one_in_the_chamber_guitar_pro.htm,One In The Chamber,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/to_play_hide_and_seek_with_jealousy_guitar_pro.htm,To Play Hide And Seek With Jealousy,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/famous_last_words/the_relentless_guitar_pro.htm,The Relentless,Famous Last Words
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/truth_be_told_guitar_pro.htm,Truth Be Told,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/fleshkiller_guitar_pro.htm,Fleshkiller,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/i_am_the_lion_solo_guitar_pro.htm,I Am The Lion Solo,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/crowns_guitar_pro.htm,Crowns,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/i_am_the_lion_guitar_pro.htm,I Am The Lion,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/truth_be_told_guitar_pro.htm,Truth Be Told,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/fleshkiller_guitar_pro.htm,Fleshkiller,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/i_am_the_lion_solo_guitar_pro.htm,I Am The Lion Solo,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/crowns_guitar_pro.htm,Crowns,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/phinehas/i_am_the_lion_guitar_pro.htm,I Am The Lion,Phinehas
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/dark_passenger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Passenger,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/codex_guitar_pro.htm,Codex,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/martrys_guitar_pro.htm,Martrys,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/nyu_guitar_pro.htm,Nyu,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/its_not_safe_to_swim_today_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Its Not Safe To Swim Today,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/ellie_guitar_pro.htm,Ellie,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/sever_the_voices_guitar_pro.htm,Sever The Voices,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mikasa_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Mikasa,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/daenerys_guitar_pro.htm,Daenerys,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/divide_paths_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Divide Paths,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/its_torn_away_guitar_pro.htm,Its Torn Away,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/conquer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Conquer,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/eclipse_guitar_pro.htm,Eclipse,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/aeris_guitar_pro.htm,Aeris,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/lucy_guitar_pro.htm,Lucy,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/crawl_back_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Crawl Back,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/teleute_guitar_pro.htm,Teleute,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/punisher_guitar_pro.htm,Punisher,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mowgli_guitar_pro.htm,Mowgli,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/pillars_guitar_pro.htm,Pillars,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/namaste_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Namaste,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/enter_my_dreams_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Enter My Dreams,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/20200_guitar_pro.htm,20200,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/entry_level_exit_wounds_guitar_pro.htm,Entry Level Exit Wounds,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/resistance_guitar_pro.htm,Resistance,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/id_guitar_pro.htm,Id,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/subject_zero_guitar_pro.htm,Subject Zero,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/lisbeth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lisbeth,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/all_eyes_look_ahead_guitar_pro.htm,All Eyes Look Ahead,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/numerical_scheme_guitar_pro.htm,Numerical Scheme,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mark_the_lines_guitar_pro.htm,Mark The Lines,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/dark_passenger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Passenger,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/codex_guitar_pro.htm,Codex,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/martrys_guitar_pro.htm,Martrys,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/nyu_guitar_pro.htm,Nyu,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/its_not_safe_to_swim_today_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Its Not Safe To Swim Today,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/ellie_guitar_pro.htm,Ellie,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/sever_the_voices_guitar_pro.htm,Sever The Voices,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mikasa_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Mikasa,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/daenerys_guitar_pro.htm,Daenerys,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/divide_paths_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Divide Paths,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/its_torn_away_guitar_pro.htm,Its Torn Away,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/conquer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Conquer,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/eclipse_guitar_pro.htm,Eclipse,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/aeris_guitar_pro.htm,Aeris,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/lucy_guitar_pro.htm,Lucy,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/crawl_back_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Crawl Back,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/teleute_guitar_pro.htm,Teleute,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/punisher_guitar_pro.htm,Punisher,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mowgli_guitar_pro.htm,Mowgli,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/pillars_guitar_pro.htm,Pillars,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/namaste_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Namaste,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/enter_my_dreams_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Enter My Dreams,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/20200_guitar_pro.htm,20200,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/entry_level_exit_wounds_guitar_pro.htm,Entry Level Exit Wounds,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/resistance_guitar_pro.htm,Resistance,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/id_guitar_pro.htm,Id,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/subject_zero_guitar_pro.htm,Subject Zero,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/lisbeth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lisbeth,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/all_eyes_look_ahead_guitar_pro.htm,All Eyes Look Ahead,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/numerical_scheme_guitar_pro.htm,Numerical Scheme,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/mark_the_lines_guitar_pro.htm,Mark The Lines,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/with_passion_and_power_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,With Passion And Power,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/unbreakable_guitar_pro.htm,Unbreakable,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/we_bow_in_its_aura_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,We Bow In Its Aura,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/three-fifty_guitar_pro.htm,Three-Fifty,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/wounds_guitar_pro.htm,Wounds,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/the_higler_guitar_pro.htm,The Higler,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/the_uprising_guitar_pro.htm,The Uprising,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/winter_is_coming_soon_guitar_pro.htm,Winter Is Coming Soon,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/the_glass_slide_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Glass Slide,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/veil_of_maya/vicious_circles_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Vicious Circles,Veil of Maya
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sworn_in/the_deviant_guitar_pro.htm,The Deviant,Sworn In
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sworn_in/the_deviant_guitar_pro.htm,The Deviant,Sworn In
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/tonight_were_gonna_party_like_theres_no_tomorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Tonight Were Gonna Party Like Theres No Tomorrow,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/i_hustle_everyday_guitar_pro.htm,I Hustle Everyday,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/dtd_guitar_pro.htm,Dtd,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/tonight_were_gonna_party_like_theres_no_tomorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Tonight Were Gonna Party Like Theres No Tomorrow,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/i_hustle_everyday_guitar_pro.htm,I Hustle Everyday,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/deez_nuts/dtd_guitar_pro.htm,Dtd,Deez Nuts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_chariot/david_de_la_hoz_guitar_pro.htm,David De La Hoz,The Chariot
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_chariot/the_city_guitar_pro.htm,The City,The Chariot
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_chariot/david_de_la_hoz_guitar_pro.htm,David De La Hoz,The Chariot
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_chariot/the_city_guitar_pro.htm,The City,The Chariot
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_believe_guitar_pro.htm,I Believe,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/end_this_sickness_guitar_pro.htm,End This Sickness,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/memorial_guitar_pro.htm,Memorial,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_see_the_falling_sky_guitar_pro.htm,I See The Falling Sky,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_will_never_let_you_down_guitar_pro.htm,I Will Never Let You Down,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/nothing_is_forever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing Is Forever,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_rape_myself_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Rape Myself,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/another_cold_day_guitar_pro.htm,Another Cold Day,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/certainty_corpses_bleed_cold_guitar_pro.htm,Certainty Corpses Bleed Cold,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/its_our_burden_to_bleed_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Its Our Burden To Bleed,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_believe_guitar_pro.htm,I Believe,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/end_this_sickness_guitar_pro.htm,End This Sickness,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/memorial_guitar_pro.htm,Memorial,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_see_the_falling_sky_guitar_pro.htm,I See The Falling Sky,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_will_never_let_you_down_guitar_pro.htm,I Will Never Let You Down,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/nothing_is_forever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing Is Forever,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/i_rape_myself_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Rape Myself,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/another_cold_day_guitar_pro.htm,Another Cold Day,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/certainty_corpses_bleed_cold_guitar_pro.htm,Certainty Corpses Bleed Cold,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/its_our_burden_to_bleed_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Its Our Burden To Bleed,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/your_song_guitar_pro.htm,Your Song,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/sick_of_running_away_guitar_pro.htm,Sick Of Running Away,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/paralyzed_guitar_pro.htm,Paralyzed,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/walk_like_the_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Walk Like The Dead,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/the_beloved_and_the_hatred_guitar_pro.htm,The Beloved And The Hatred,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/caliban/we_are_the_many_guitar_pro.htm,We Are The Many,Caliban
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/first_blood/suffocate_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocate,First Blood
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/first_blood/next_time_i_see_you_youre_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Next Time I See You Youre Dead,First Blood
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/first_blood/suffocate_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocate,First Blood
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/first_blood/next_time_i_see_you_youre_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Next Time I See You Youre Dead,First Blood
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/closure_guitar_pro.htm,Closure,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/hey_there_mr_brooks_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hey There Mr Brooks,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_prophecy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Prophecy,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/dont_pray_for_me_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Pray For Me,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/dear_insanity_guitar_pro.htm,Dear Insanity,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/break_down_the_walls_guitar_pro.htm,Break Down The Walls,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/breathless_guitar_pro.htm,Breathless,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/alerion_guitar_pro.htm,Alerion,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_single_moment_of_sincerity_guitar_pro.htm,A Single Moment Of Sincerity,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/another_bottle_down_guitar_pro.htm,Another Bottle Down,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/believe_guitar_pro.htm,Believe,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_candlelit_dinner_with_inamorta_guitar_pro.htm,A Candlelit Dinner With Inamorta,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/here_i_am_guitar_pro.htm,Here I Am,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_lesson_never_learned_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Lesson Never Learned,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/creature_guitar_pro.htm,Creature,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/closure_guitar_pro.htm,Closure,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/hey_there_mr_brooks_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hey There Mr Brooks,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_prophecy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Prophecy,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/dont_pray_for_me_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Pray For Me,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/dear_insanity_guitar_pro.htm,Dear Insanity,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/break_down_the_walls_guitar_pro.htm,Break Down The Walls,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/breathless_guitar_pro.htm,Breathless,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/alerion_guitar_pro.htm,Alerion,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_single_moment_of_sincerity_guitar_pro.htm,A Single Moment Of Sincerity,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/another_bottle_down_guitar_pro.htm,Another Bottle Down,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/believe_guitar_pro.htm,Believe,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_candlelit_dinner_with_inamorta_guitar_pro.htm,A Candlelit Dinner With Inamorta,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/here_i_am_guitar_pro.htm,Here I Am,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/a_lesson_never_learned_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Lesson Never Learned,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/creature_guitar_pro.htm,Creature,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/moving_on_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Moving On,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/i_wont_give_in_guitar_pro.htm,I Wont Give In,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/reckless_and_relentless_guitar_pro.htm,Reckless And Relentless,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/i_used_to_have_a_best_friend_but_then_he_gave_me_an_std_guitar_pro.htm,I Used To Have A Best Friend But Then He Gave Me An Std,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/nobody_dont_dance_no_more_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nobody Dont Dance No More,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/if_you_cant_ride_two_horses_at_once_you_should_get_out_of_the_circus_guitar_pro.htm,If You Cant Ride Two Horses At Once You Should Get Out Of The Circus,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/killing_you_guitar_pro.htm,Killing You,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/morte_et_dabo_guitar_pro.htm,Morte Et Dabo,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/i_was_once_possibly_maybe_perhaps_a_cowboy_king_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Was Once Possibly Maybe Perhaps A Cowboy King,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/run_free_guitar_pro.htm,Run Free,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/just_a_slave_to_rock_n_roll_guitar_pro.htm,Just A Slave To Rock N Roll,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/not_the_american_average_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Not The American Average,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/let_it_sleep_guitar_pro.htm,Let It Sleep,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/someone_somewhere_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Someone Somewhere Acoustic,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/the_final_episode_lets_change_the_channel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Episode Lets Change The Channel,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/when_everydays_the_weekend_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,When Everydays The Weekend,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/the_death_of_me_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Death Of Me,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/to_the_stage_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,To The Stage,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/someone_somewhere_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Someone Somewhere,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/savior_guitar_pro.htm,Savior,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/asking_alexandria/the_black_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Black,Asking Alexandria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/transitions_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Transitions,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/departure_guitar_pro.htm,Departure,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/hydroplaning_guitar_pro.htm,Hydroplaning,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/transitions_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Transitions,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/departure_guitar_pro.htm,Departure,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/structures/hydroplaning_guitar_pro.htm,Hydroplaning,Structures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/holy_roller_guitar_pro.htm,Holy Roller,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/forever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forever,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/americana_guitar_pro.htm,Americana,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/burial_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Burial At Sea,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/tombs_guitar_pro.htm,Tombs,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/weight_of_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Weight Of The World,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/holy_roller_guitar_pro.htm,Holy Roller,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/forever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forever,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/americana_guitar_pro.htm,Americana,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/burial_at_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Burial At Sea,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/tombs_guitar_pro.htm,Tombs,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/throwdown/weight_of_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Weight Of The World,Throwdown
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/33_guitar_pro.htm,33,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2s_my_favorite_1_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,2S My Favorite 1 Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2s_my_favorite_1_guitar_pro.htm,2S My Favorite 1,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/always_and_never_guitar_pro.htm,Always And Never,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/apollo_i_the_writer_writer_guitar_pro.htm,Apollo I The Writer Writer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/atlas_guitar_pro.htm,Atlas,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/a_favor_house_atlantic_guitar_pro.htm,A Favor House Atlantic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/al_the_killer_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Al The Killer Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2113_guitar_pro.htm,2113,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/blood_red_summer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Red Summer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/away_we_go_guitar_pro.htm,Away We Go,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/33_guitar_pro.htm,33,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2s_my_favorite_1_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,2S My Favorite 1 Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2s_my_favorite_1_guitar_pro.htm,2S My Favorite 1,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/always_and_never_guitar_pro.htm,Always And Never,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/apollo_i_the_writer_writer_guitar_pro.htm,Apollo I The Writer Writer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/atlas_guitar_pro.htm,Atlas,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/a_favor_house_atlantic_guitar_pro.htm,A Favor House Atlantic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/al_the_killer_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Al The Killer Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/2113_guitar_pro.htm,2113,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/blood_red_summer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Red Summer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/away_we_go_guitar_pro.htm,Away We Go,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/cuts_marked_in_the_march_of_men_guitar_pro.htm,Cuts Marked In The March Of Men,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/devil_in_jersey_city_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Devil In Jersey City,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/crossing_the_frame_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Crossing The Frame,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/delirium_trigger_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Delirium Trigger,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/eraser_guitar_pro.htm,Eraser,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/elf_tower_new_mexico_guitar_pro.htm,Elf Tower New Mexico,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/domino_the_destitute_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Domino The Destitute,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/evagria_the_faithful_guitar_pro.htm,Evagria The Faithful,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/everything_evil_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Everything Evil,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/dark_side_of_me_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Side Of Me,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/faint_of_heart_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Faint Of Heart Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/guns_of_summer_guitar_pro.htm,Guns Of Summer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/far_guitar_pro.htm,Far,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/here_to_mars_guitar_pro.htm,Here To Mars,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/goodnight_fair_lady_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goodnight Fair Lady,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/feathers_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Feathers,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/in_keeping_secrets_of_silent_earth_3_guitar_pro.htm,In Keeping Secrets Of Silent Earth 3,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/god_send_conspirator_guitar_pro.htm,God Send Conspirator,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/gravitys_union_guitar_pro.htm,Gravitys Union,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/here_we_are_juggernaut_guitar_pro.htm,Here We Are Juggernaut,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/hearshot_kid_disaster_guitar_pro.htm,Hearshot Kid Disaster,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/gravemakers_and_gunslingers_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Gravemakers And Gunslingers,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/key_entity_extraction_ii_holly_wood_the_cracked_guitar_pro.htm,Key Entity Extraction Ii Holly Wood The Cracked,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/iron_fist_guitar_pro.htm,Iron Fist,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/mothers_of_men_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Mothers Of Men,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/key_entity_extraction_iii_vic_the_butcher_guitar_pro.htm,Key Entity Extraction Iii Vic The Butcher,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/mother_superior_guitar_pro.htm,Mother Superior,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/mother_may_i_guitar_pro.htm,Mother May I,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/junesong_provision_guitar_pro.htm,Junesong Provision,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/neverender_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Neverender,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/in_the_flame_of_error_guitar_pro.htm,In The Flame Of Error,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/once_upon_your_dead_body_guitar_pro.htm,Once Upon Your Dead Body,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/peace_to_the_mountain_guitar_pro.htm,Peace To The Mountain,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/sentry_the_defiant_guitar_pro.htm,Sentry The Defiant,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/pretelethal_guitar_pro.htm,Pretelethal,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/radio_bye_bye_guitar_pro.htm,Radio Bye Bye,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/running_free_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Running Free,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/pearl_of_the_stars_guitar_pro.htm,Pearl Of The Stars,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/suffering_guitar_pro.htm,Suffering,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/random_reality_shifts_guitar_pro.htm,Random Reality Shifts,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/subtraction_guitar_pro.htm,Subtraction,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/no_world_for_tomorrow_guitar_pro.htm,No World For Tomorrow,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/sentry_the_defiant_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Sentry The Defiant Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_audience_guitar_pro.htm,The Audience,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_iii_the_end_complete_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete Iii The End Complete,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_v_-_on_the_brink_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete V - On The Brink,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_hound_of_blood_and_rank_guitar_pro.htm,The Hound Of Blood And Rank,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_broken_guitar_pro.htm,The Broken,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_afterman_guitar_pro.htm,The Afterman,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_ii_-_radio_bye_bye_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete Ii - Radio Bye Bye,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_i_the_fall_of_house_atlantic_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete I The Fall Of House Atlantic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_ii_radio_bye_bye_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete Ii Radio Bye Bye,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_final_cut_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Cut,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_crowing_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Crowing,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/ten_speed_gods_blood_and_burial_guitar_pro.htm,Ten Speed Gods Blood And Burial,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_end_complete_i_-_the_fall_of_house_atlantic_guitar_pro.htm,The End Complete I - The Fall Of House Atlantic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/ten_speed_of_gods_blood_and_burial_guitar_pro.htm,Ten Speed Of Gods Blood And Burial,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_willing_well_iii_apollo_ii_the_telling_truth_guitar_pro.htm,The Willing Well Iii Apollo Ii The Telling Truth,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_velorium_camper_i_faint_of_hearts_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Velorium Camper I Faint Of Hearts,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_reaping_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Reaping,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_velourium_camper_iii_al_the_killer_guitar_pro.htm,The Velourium Camper Iii Al The Killer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_willing_well_i_fuel_for_the_feeding_end_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Willing Well I Fuel For The Feeding End,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_suffering_guitar_pro.htm,The Suffering,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/this_shattered_symphony_guitar_pro.htm,This Shattered Symphony,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_running_free_guitar_pro.htm,The Running Free,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_willing_well_ii_from_fear_through_the_eyes_of_madness_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Willing Well Ii From Fear Through The Eyes Of Madness,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/three_evils_embodied_in_love_and_shadow_guitar_pro.htm,Three Evils Embodied In Love And Shadow,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_light_and_the_glass_guitar_pro.htm,The Light And The Glass,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_lying_lies_and_dirty_secrets_of_miss_erica_court_guitar_pro.htm,The Lying Lies And Dirty Secrets Of Miss Erica Court,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_willing_well_iv_the_final_cut_guitar_pro.htm,The Willing Well Iv The Final Cut,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/the_willing_well_iii_apollo_i_the_telling_truth_guitar_pro.htm,The Willing Well Iii Apollo I The Telling Truth,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/wake_up_guitar_pro.htm,Wake Up,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/when_skeletons_live_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,When Skeletons Live,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/time_consumer_guitar_pro.htm,Time Consumer,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/welcome_home_guitar_pro.htm,Welcome Home,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/world_of_lines_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,World Of Lines,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/young_love_acoustic_crd.htm,Young Love Acoustic,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/coheed_and_cambria/youve_got_spirit_kid_guitar_pro.htm,Youve Got Spirit Kid,Coheed and Cambria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/cus_guitar_pro.htm,Cus,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/death_unlimited_guitar_pro.htm,Death Unlimited,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/day_zero_guitar_pro.htm,Day Zero,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/of_darkness_and_light_guitar_pro.htm,Of Darkness And Light,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/saviour_guitar_pro.htm,Saviour,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/everything_guitar_pro.htm,Everything,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/black_gold_guitar_pro.htm,Black Gold,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/endless_war_guitar_pro.htm,Endless War,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/a_fallen_star_guitar_pro.htm,A Fallen Star,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/norther_guitar_pro.htm,Norther,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/released_guitar_pro.htm,Released,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/darkest_time_guitar_pro.htm,Darkest Time,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/betrayed_guitar_pro.htm,Betrayed,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/last_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Last Breath,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/break_myself_away_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Break Myself Away Solo,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/smash_guitar_pro.htm,Smash,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/omen_guitar_pro.htm,Omen,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/mirror_of_madness_guitar_pro.htm,Mirror Of Madness,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/alone_in_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Alone In The End,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/cry_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cry,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/midnight_walker_guitar_pro.htm,Midnight Walker,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/my_antichrist_intro_guitar_pro.htm,My Antichrist Intro,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/nothing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/day_of_redemption_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Redemption Solo,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/blackhearted_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blackhearted,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/frozen_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Frozen Sky,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/beneath_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/going_nowhere_guitar_pro.htm,Going Nowhere,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/the_final_countdown_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Countdown,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/dead_guitar_pro.htm,Dead,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/hollow_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/down_guitar_pro.htm,Down,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/cus_guitar_pro.htm,Cus,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/death_unlimited_guitar_pro.htm,Death Unlimited,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/day_zero_guitar_pro.htm,Day Zero,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/of_darkness_and_light_guitar_pro.htm,Of Darkness And Light,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/saviour_guitar_pro.htm,Saviour,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/everything_guitar_pro.htm,Everything,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/black_gold_guitar_pro.htm,Black Gold,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/endless_war_guitar_pro.htm,Endless War,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/a_fallen_star_guitar_pro.htm,A Fallen Star,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/norther_guitar_pro.htm,Norther,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/released_guitar_pro.htm,Released,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/darkest_time_guitar_pro.htm,Darkest Time,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/betrayed_guitar_pro.htm,Betrayed,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/last_breath_guitar_pro.htm,Last Breath,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/break_myself_away_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Break Myself Away Solo,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/smash_guitar_pro.htm,Smash,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/omen_guitar_pro.htm,Omen,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/mirror_of_madness_guitar_pro.htm,Mirror Of Madness,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/alone_in_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Alone In The End,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/cry_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cry,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/midnight_walker_guitar_pro.htm,Midnight Walker,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/my_antichrist_intro_guitar_pro.htm,My Antichrist Intro,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/nothing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/day_of_redemption_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Redemption Solo,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/blackhearted_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blackhearted,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/frozen_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Frozen Sky,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/beneath_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/going_nowhere_guitar_pro.htm,Going Nowhere,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/the_final_countdown_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Countdown,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/dead_guitar_pro.htm,Dead,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/hollow_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/down_guitar_pro.htm,Down,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/vain_guitar_pro.htm,Vain,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/to_hell_guitar_pro.htm,To Hell,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/we_rock_guitar_pro.htm,We Rock,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/norther/victorious_one_guitar_pro.htm,Victorious One,Norther
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/beneath_the_blackening_sky_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Blackening Sky,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/fire_in_the_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Fire In The Sky,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/demons_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Demons,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/convalescence_guitar_pro.htm,Convalescence,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/closing_on_the_day_guitar_pro.htm,Closing On The Day,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/ethos_guitar_pro.htm,Ethos,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/deliver_us_guitar_pro.htm,Deliver Us,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/doomsayer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Doomsayer,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/deliver_us_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Deliver Us Solo,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/a_distorted_utopia_guitar_pro.htm,A Distorted Utopia,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/beneath_the_blackening_sky_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Blackening Sky,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/fire_in_the_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Fire In The Sky,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/demons_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Demons,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/convalescence_guitar_pro.htm,Convalescence,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/closing_on_the_day_guitar_pro.htm,Closing On The Day,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/ethos_guitar_pro.htm,Ethos,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/deliver_us_guitar_pro.htm,Deliver Us,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/doomsayer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Doomsayer,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/deliver_us_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Deliver Us Solo,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/a_distorted_utopia_guitar_pro.htm,A Distorted Utopia,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/terra_solaris_guitar_pro.htm,Terra Solaris,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/the_tides_guitar_pro.htm,The Tides,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/savor_the_kill_guitar_pro.htm,Savor The Kill,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/this_is_the_truth_guitar_pro.htm,This Is The Truth,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/purgatory_guitar_pro.htm,Purgatory,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/sound_the_surrender_guitar_pro.htm,Sound The Surrender,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/the_goddess_figure_guitar_pro.htm,The Goddess Figure,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/love_as_a_weapon_guitar_pro.htm,Love As A Weapon,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/the_patriot_virus_guitar_pro.htm,The Patriot Virus,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/knife_in_the_safe_room_guitar_pro.htm,Knife In The Safe Room,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/the_tides_solo_guitar_pro.htm,The Tides Solo,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/these_fevered_times_guitar_pro.htm,These Fevered Times,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/low_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Low,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/severed_into_separates_guitar_pro.htm,Severed Into Separates,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/paradox_with_the_flies_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Paradox With The Flies,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/infinite_eyes_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Infinite Eyes,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/pathos_guitar_pro.htm,Pathos,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/into_the_grey_guitar_pro.htm,Into The Grey,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/this_will_outlive_us_guitar_pro.htm,This Will Outlive Us,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/tunguska_guitar_pro.htm,Tunguska,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/tranquil_guitar_pro.htm,Tranquil,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/timeless_numbers_guitar_pro.htm,Timeless Numbers,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/darkest_hour/with_a_thousand_words_to_say_but_one_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,With A Thousand Words To Say But One,Darkest Hour
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/crossing_the_rubicon_guitar_pro.htm,Crossing The Rubicon,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/polaris_guitar_pro.htm,Polaris,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/digital_veil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Digital Veil,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/nocturne_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nocturne,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/antebellum_guitar_pro.htm,Antebellum,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/holographic_sight_guitar_pro.htm,Holographic Sight,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/elegiac_guitar_pro.htm,Elegiac,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/faust_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Faust Intro,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/complex_terms_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Complex Terms,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/patterns_guitar_pro.htm,Patterns,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/faust_guitar_pro.htm,Faust,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/desiderata_guitar_pro.htm,Desiderata,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/movement_from_discord_guitar_pro.htm,Movement From Discord,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/counting_down_the_days_guitar_pro.htm,Counting Down The Days,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/sotto_voce_guitar_pro.htm,Sotto Voce,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/mea_culpa_guitar_pro.htm,Mea Culpa,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/crossing_the_rubicon_guitar_pro.htm,Crossing The Rubicon,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/polaris_guitar_pro.htm,Polaris,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/digital_veil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Digital Veil,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/nocturne_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nocturne,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/antebellum_guitar_pro.htm,Antebellum,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/holographic_sight_guitar_pro.htm,Holographic Sight,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/elegiac_guitar_pro.htm,Elegiac,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/faust_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Faust Intro,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/complex_terms_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Complex Terms,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/patterns_guitar_pro.htm,Patterns,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/faust_guitar_pro.htm,Faust,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/desiderata_guitar_pro.htm,Desiderata,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/movement_from_discord_guitar_pro.htm,Movement From Discord,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/counting_down_the_days_guitar_pro.htm,Counting Down The Days,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/sotto_voce_guitar_pro.htm,Sotto Voce,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/mea_culpa_guitar_pro.htm,Mea Culpa,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/vela_together_we_await_the_storm_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Vela Together We Await The Storm Solo,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_human_abstract/vela_together_we_await_the_storm_guitar_pro.htm,Vela Together We Await The Storm,The Human Abstract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/palisades/high_and_low_guitar_pro.htm,High And Low,Palisades
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/palisades/high_and_low_guitar_pro.htm,High And Low,Palisades
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/a_fair_judgement_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Fair Judgement,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/closure_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Closure,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/death_whispered_a_lullaby_guitar_pro.htm,Death Whispered A Lullaby,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/credence_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Credence,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/blackwater_park_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Blackwater Park,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/april_ethereal_guitar_pro.htm,April Ethereal,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/advent_guitar_pro.htm,Advent,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/circle_of_the_tyrants_guitar_pro.htm,Circle Of The Tyrants,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/cusp_of_eternity_guitar_pro.htm,Cusp Of Eternity,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/burden_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Burden,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/beneath_the_mire_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Mire,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/atonement_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Atonement,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/coil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Coil,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/black_rose_immortal_guitar_pro.htm,Black Rose Immortal,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/a_fleeting_glance_guitar_pro.htm,A Fleeting Glance,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/benighted_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benighted,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/bleak_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bleak,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/by_the_pain_i_see_in_others_guitar_pro.htm,By The Pain I See In Others,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/a_fair_judgement_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Fair Judgement,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/closure_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Closure,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/death_whispered_a_lullaby_guitar_pro.htm,Death Whispered A Lullaby,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/credence_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Credence,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/blackwater_park_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Blackwater Park,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/april_ethereal_guitar_pro.htm,April Ethereal,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/advent_guitar_pro.htm,Advent,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/circle_of_the_tyrants_guitar_pro.htm,Circle Of The Tyrants,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/cusp_of_eternity_guitar_pro.htm,Cusp Of Eternity,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/burden_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Burden,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/beneath_the_mire_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Mire,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/atonement_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Atonement,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/coil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Coil,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/black_rose_immortal_guitar_pro.htm,Black Rose Immortal,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/a_fleeting_glance_guitar_pro.htm,A Fleeting Glance,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/benighted_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benighted,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/bleak_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bleak,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/by_the_pain_i_see_in_others_guitar_pro.htm,By The Pain I See In Others,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/face_in_the_snow_guitar_pro.htm,Face In The Snow,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/den_standiga_resan_guitar_pro.htm,Den Standiga Resan,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/forest_of_october_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forest Of October,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/ending_credits_guitar_pro.htm,Ending Credits,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/fredrik_akesson_masterclass_guitar_pro.htm,Fredrik Akesson Masterclass,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/dirge_for_november_guitar_pro.htm,Dirge For November,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/demon_of_the_fall_guitar_pro.htm,Demon Of The Fall,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/ghost_of_perdition_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Of Perdition,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/eternal_rains_will_come_guitar_pro.htm,Eternal Rains Will Come,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/folklore_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Folklore Solo,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/faith_in_others_guitar_pro.htm,Faith In Others,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/famine_guitar_pro.htm,Famine,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/eternal_rains_will_come_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Eternal Rains Will Come Solo,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/deliverance_guitar_pro.htm,Deliverance,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/folklore_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Folklore Intro,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/for_absent_friends_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For Absent Friends,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/face_of_melinda_guitar_pro.htm,Face Of Melinda,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/epilogue_guitar_pro.htm,Epilogue,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/elysian_woes_guitar_pro.htm,Elysian Woes,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/isolation_years_guitar_pro.htm,Isolation Years,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/heir_apparent_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Heir Apparent,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/haxprocess_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Haxprocess,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/hours_of_wealth_guitar_pro.htm,Hours Of Wealth,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/heritage_guitar_pro.htm,Heritage,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/ghost_of_perdition_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Of Perdition,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/heritage_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Heritage Acoustic,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/i_feel_the_dark_guitar_pro.htm,I Feel The Dark,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/marrow_of_the_earth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Marrow Of The Earth,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/hex_omega_guitar_pro.htm,Hex Omega,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/hessian_peel_guitar_pro.htm,Hessian Peel,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/harlequin_forest_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Harlequin Forest,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/godheads_lament_guitar_pro.htm,Godheads Lament,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/hope_leaves_guitar_pro.htm,Hope Leaves,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/in_my_time_of_need_guitar_pro.htm,In My Time Of Need,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/harvest_guitar_pro.htm,Harvest,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/in_mist_she_was_standing_guitar_pro.htm,In Mist She Was Standing,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/karma_guitar_pro.htm,Karma,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/sorceress_2_guitar_pro.htm,Sorceress 2,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/masters_apprentices_guitar_pro.htm,Masters Apprentices,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/still_day_beneath_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,Still Day Beneath The Sun,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/silhouette_guitar_pro.htm,Silhouette,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/nectar_guitar_pro.htm,Nectar,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/requiem_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/persephone_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Persephone,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/serenity_painted_death_guitar_pro.htm,Serenity Painted Death,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_apostle_in_triumph_guitar_pro.htm,The Apostle In Triumph,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/patterns_in_the_ivy_guitar_pro.htm,Patterns In The Ivy,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/moon_above_sun_below_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Moon Above Sun Below Solo,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_amen_corner_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Amen Corner,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/moonlapse_vertigo_guitar_pro.htm,Moonlapse Vertigo,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/sorceress_guitar_pro.htm,Sorceress,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/slither_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Slither,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/pyre_guitar_pro.htm,Pyre,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/patterns_in_the_ivy_ii_guitar_pro.htm,Patterns In The Ivy Ii,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/porcelain_heart_guitar_pro.htm,Porcelain Heart,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_lotus_eater_guitar_pro.htm,The Lotus Eater,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/to_bid_you_farewell_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,To Bid You Farewell,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_throat_of_winter_guitar_pro.htm,The Throat Of Winter,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_leper_affinity_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Leper Affinity,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_baying_of_the_hounds_guitar_pro.htm,The Baying Of The Hounds,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_night_and_the_silent_water_guitar_pro.htm,The Night And The Silent Water,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_grand_conjuration_guitar_pro.htm,The Grand Conjuration,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_funeral_portrait_guitar_pro.htm,The Funeral Portrait,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_moor_guitar_pro.htm,The Moor,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_drapery_falls_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Drapery Falls,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_lotus_eater_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Lotus Eater Intro,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_twilight_is_my_robe_guitar_pro.htm,The Twilight Is My Robe,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/to_rid_the_disease_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,To Rid The Disease,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_lines_in_my_hand_guitar_pro.htm,The Lines In My Hand,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/the_devils_orchard_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Devils Orchard,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/under_the_weeping_moon_guitar_pro.htm,Under The Weeping Moon,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/will_o_the_wisp_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Will O The Wisp Acoustic,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/when_guitar_pro.htm,When,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/wreath_guitar_pro.htm,Wreath,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/windowpane_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Windowpane,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/white_cluster_guitar_pro.htm,White Cluster,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/opeth/will_o_the_wisp_guitar_pro.htm,Will O The Wisp,Opeth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/erased_guitar_pro.htm,Erased,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/intake_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Intake,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/via_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Via,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/up_all_night_guitar_pro.htm,Up All Night,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/the_mixture_guitar_pro.htm,The Mixture,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/neon_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Neon Eyes,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/limitless_guitar_pro.htm,Limitless,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/two-one_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Two-One,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/vahle_guitar_pro.htm,Vahle,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/behind_the_curtain_guitar_pro.htm,Behind The Curtain,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/paid_in_full_guitar_pro.htm,Paid In Full,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/through_the_trees_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Trees,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/serenity_guitar_pro.htm,Serenity,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/the_columbian_faction_guitar_pro.htm,The Columbian Faction,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/wormholes_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wormholes,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/edge_of_the_earth_guitar_pro.htm,Edge Of The Earth,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/erased_guitar_pro.htm,Erased,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/intake_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Intake,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/via_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Via,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/up_all_night_guitar_pro.htm,Up All Night,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/the_mixture_guitar_pro.htm,The Mixture,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/neon_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Neon Eyes,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/limitless_guitar_pro.htm,Limitless,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/two-one_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Two-One,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/vahle_guitar_pro.htm,Vahle,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/behind_the_curtain_guitar_pro.htm,Behind The Curtain,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/paid_in_full_guitar_pro.htm,Paid In Full,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/through_the_trees_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Trees,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/serenity_guitar_pro.htm,Serenity,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/the_columbian_faction_guitar_pro.htm,The Columbian Faction,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/wormholes_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wormholes,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/volumes/edge_of_the_earth_guitar_pro.htm,Edge Of The Earth,Volumes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_out_war/soaked_in_torment_guitar_pro.htm,Soaked In Torment,All Out War
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_out_war/soaked_in_torment_guitar_pro.htm,Soaked In Torment,All Out War
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/reset_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Reset,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/five_years_guitar_pro.htm,Five Years,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/an_offering_to_the_insatiable_sons_of_god_butcher_guitar_pro.htm,An Offering To The Insatiable Sons Of God Butcher,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/parallels_guitar_pro.htm,Parallels,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/mirrors_guitar_pro.htm,Mirrors,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/luminary_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Luminary,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/failsafe_guitar_pro.htm,Failsafe,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/lost_relics_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Relics,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/reborn_an_execution_guitar_pro.htm,Reborn An Execution,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/carrier_guitar_pro.htm,Carrier,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/in_summary_of_what_i_am_guitar_pro.htm,In Summary Of What I Am,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/a_certain_death_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Certain Death,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/coma_guitar_pro.htm,Coma,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/anchor_guitar_pro.htm,Anchor,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/one_day_ill_stay_home_guitar_pro.htm,One Day Ill Stay Home,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/labyrinthian_guitar_pro.htm,Labyrinthian,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/reset_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Reset,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/five_years_guitar_pro.htm,Five Years,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/an_offering_to_the_insatiable_sons_of_god_butcher_guitar_pro.htm,An Offering To The Insatiable Sons Of God Butcher,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/parallels_guitar_pro.htm,Parallels,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/mirrors_guitar_pro.htm,Mirrors,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/luminary_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Luminary,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/failsafe_guitar_pro.htm,Failsafe,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/lost_relics_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Relics,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/reborn_an_execution_guitar_pro.htm,Reborn An Execution,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/carrier_guitar_pro.htm,Carrier,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/in_summary_of_what_i_am_guitar_pro.htm,In Summary Of What I Am,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/a_certain_death_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Certain Death,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/coma_guitar_pro.htm,Coma,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/anchor_guitar_pro.htm,Anchor,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/one_day_ill_stay_home_guitar_pro.htm,One Day Ill Stay Home,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/misery_signals/labyrinthian_guitar_pro.htm,Labyrinthian,Misery Signals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/comfort_betrays_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Comfort Betrays,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/94_hours_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,94 Hours,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/cauterize_guitar_pro.htm,Cauterize,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/collision_guitar_pro.htm,Collision,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/an_ocean_between_us_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,An Ocean Between Us,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/beyond_our_suffering_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond Our Suffering,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/a_greater_foundation_guitar_pro.htm,A Greater Foundation,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/anger_and_apathy_guitar_pro.htm,Anger And Apathy,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/anodyne_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Anodyne Sea,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/bury_us_all_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Us All,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/behind_me_lies_another_fallen_soldier_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Behind Me Lies Another Fallen Soldier,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/comfort_betrays_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Comfort Betrays,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/94_hours_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,94 Hours,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/cauterize_guitar_pro.htm,Cauterize,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/collision_guitar_pro.htm,Collision,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/an_ocean_between_us_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,An Ocean Between Us,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/beyond_our_suffering_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond Our Suffering,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/a_greater_foundation_guitar_pro.htm,A Greater Foundation,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/anger_and_apathy_guitar_pro.htm,Anger And Apathy,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/anodyne_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Anodyne Sea,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/bury_us_all_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Us All,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/behind_me_lies_another_fallen_soldier_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Behind Me Lies Another Fallen Soldier,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/forever_guitar_pro.htm,Forever,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/departed_guitar_pro.htm,Departed,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/condemned_guitar_pro.htm,Condemned,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/control_is_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Control Is Dead,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/darkest_nights_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Darkest Nights,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/electric_eye_guitar_pro.htm,Electric Eye,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/elegy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Elegy,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/falling_upon_deaf_ears_guitar_pro.htm,Falling Upon Deaf Ears,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/confined_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Confined,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/defender_guitar_pro.htm,Defender,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/empty_hearts_guitar_pro.htm,Empty Hearts,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/losing_sight_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Losing Sight,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/meaning_in_tragedy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Meaning In Tragedy,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/no_lungs_to_breathe_guitar_pro.htm,No Lungs To Breathe,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/moving_forward_guitar_pro.htm,Moving Forward,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/forsaken_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Forsaken,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/i_never_wanted_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Never Wanted,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/parallels_guitar_pro.htm,Parallels,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/nothing_left_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Nothing Left,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/morning_waits_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Morning Waits,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/my_only_home_guitar_pro.htm,My Only Home,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/overcome_guitar_pro.htm,Overcome,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/illusions_guitar_pro.htm,Illusions,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/tear_out_my_eyes_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Tear Out My Eyes,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/reflection_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Reflection,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/this_is_who_we_are_guitar_pro.htm,This Is Who We Are,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/song_10_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Song 10,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/seperation_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Seperation,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/the_plague_guitar_pro.htm,The Plague,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/the_blinding_of_false_light_guitar_pro.htm,The Blinding Of False Light,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/repeating_yesterday_guitar_pro.htm,Repeating Yesterday,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/reflections_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Reflections,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/separation_guitar_pro.htm,Separation,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/the_beginning_guitar_pro.htm,The Beginning,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/reinvention_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Reinvention,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/the_only_constant_is_change_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Only Constant Is Change,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/resilience_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Resilience,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/the_sound_of_truth_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Sound Of Truth,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/paralyzed_guitar_pro.htm,Paralyzed,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/truth_of_my_perception_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Truth Of My Perception,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/upside_down_kingdom_guitar_pro.htm,Upside Down Kingdom,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/this_is_who_we_are_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,This Is Who We Are,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/without_conclusion_guitar_pro.htm,Without Conclusion,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/vacancy_guitar_pro.htm,Vacancy,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/through_struggle_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Through Struggle,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/within_destruction_guitar_pro.htm,Within Destruction,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/whispering_silence_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Whispering Silence,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/as_i_lay_dying/wrath_upon_ourselves_guitar_pro.htm,Wrath Upon Ourselves,As I Lay Dying
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/the_escape_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Escape,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/duality_guitar_pro.htm,Duality,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/slight_of_hand_guitar_pro.htm,Slight Of Hand,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/still_winning_guitar_pro.htm,Still Winning,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/automaton_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Automaton Solo,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/black_box_guitar_pro.htm,Black Box,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/ephemeral_guitar_pro.htm,Ephemeral,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/epiphany_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Epiphany,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sweet_tooth_guitar_pro.htm,Sweet Tooth,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/a_voice_within_guitar_pro.htm,A Voice Within,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/libra_guitar_pro.htm,Libra,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/momento_guitar_pro.htm,Momento,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/tapestry_guitar_pro.htm,Tapestry,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/im_awake_guitar_pro.htm,Im Awake,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/fable_guitar_pro.htm,Fable,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sonar_guitar_pro.htm,Sonar,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/siren_sound_guitar_pro.htm,Siren Sound,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/automaton_guitar_pro.htm,Automaton,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sure_shot_guitar_pro.htm,Sure Shot,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/mata_hari_guitar_pro.htm,Mata Hari,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/atlas_hour_guitar_pro.htm,Atlas Hour,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/the_escape_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Escape,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/duality_guitar_pro.htm,Duality,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/slight_of_hand_guitar_pro.htm,Slight Of Hand,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/still_winning_guitar_pro.htm,Still Winning,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/automaton_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Automaton Solo,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/black_box_guitar_pro.htm,Black Box,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/ephemeral_guitar_pro.htm,Ephemeral,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/epiphany_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Epiphany,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sweet_tooth_guitar_pro.htm,Sweet Tooth,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/a_voice_within_guitar_pro.htm,A Voice Within,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/libra_guitar_pro.htm,Libra,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/momento_guitar_pro.htm,Momento,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/tapestry_guitar_pro.htm,Tapestry,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/im_awake_guitar_pro.htm,Im Awake,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/fable_guitar_pro.htm,Fable,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sonar_guitar_pro.htm,Sonar,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/siren_sound_guitar_pro.htm,Siren Sound,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/automaton_guitar_pro.htm,Automaton,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/sure_shot_guitar_pro.htm,Sure Shot,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/mata_hari_guitar_pro.htm,Mata Hari,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/intervals/atlas_hour_guitar_pro.htm,Atlas Hour,Intervals
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/faces_of_death_guitar_pro_940660id_16042010date.htm,Faces Of Death,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/imaginary_condition_guitar_pro_1667444id_30092014date.htm,Imaginary Condition,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/live_like_im_real_ver2_guitar_pro_1683851id_26112014date.htm,Live Like Im Real,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/a_higher_place_guitar_pro_940661id_16042010date.htm,A Higher Place,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/bow_down_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bow Down,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/exhilarate_guitar_pro_1419628id_19092013date.htm,Exhilarate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/an_ascent_guitar_pro_899710id_07122009date.htm,An Ascent,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/brace_legs_ver2_guitar_pro_812109id_14042009date.htm,Brace Legs,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_guitar_pro_1520672id_16092014date.htm,Behold,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/devastate_guitar_pro_1058005id_19052011date.htm,Devastate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/illusionist_ver2_guitar_pro_1433262id_20112013date.htm,Illusionist,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/divergency_guitar_pro_1411198id_12082013date.htm,Divergency,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/automatic_motion_ver2_guitar_pro_1114533id_09122011date.htm,Automatic Motion,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/elimination_guitar_pro_860159id_14082009date.htm,Elimination,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/dissimulation_solo_guitar_pro_1056263id_17052011date.htm,Dissimulation Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_and_xiv_guitar_pro_1513175id_21082014date.htm,Behold And Xiv,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/a_descent_guitar_pro_859206id_11082009date.htm,A Descent,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/follow_the_signs_solo_guitar_pro_1034930id_08032011date.htm,Follow The Signs Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/aeon_iii_guitar_pro_1420893id_25092013date.htm,Aeon Iii,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/machine_solo_guitar_pro_1399488id_04072013date.htm,Machine Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/abstract_art_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Abstract Art Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/abstract_art_guitar_pro.htm,Abstract Art,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/free_fall_guitar_pro_1774342id_17102015date.htm,Free Fall,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/follow_the_signs_guitar_pro_1066705id_16062011date.htm,Follow The Signs,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/illuminate_guitar_pro_1860619id_15072016date.htm,Illuminate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/empires_erased_ver2_guitar_pro_824739id_15052009date.htm,Empires Erased,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/exist_guitar_pro_831370id_01062009date.htm,Exist,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/ascension_guitar_pro_1058626id_23052011date.htm,Ascension,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_sweeps_solo_guitar_pro_1054047id_10052011date.htm,Behold Sweeps Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/dissimulation_guitar_pro_1106109id_07112011date.htm,Dissimulation,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/absolution_guitar_pro_1863939id_30072016date.htm,Absolution,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/faces_of_death_guitar_pro_940660id_16042010date.htm,Faces Of Death,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/imaginary_condition_guitar_pro_1667444id_30092014date.htm,Imaginary Condition,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/live_like_im_real_ver2_guitar_pro_1683851id_26112014date.htm,Live Like Im Real,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/a_higher_place_guitar_pro_940661id_16042010date.htm,A Higher Place,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/bow_down_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bow Down,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/exhilarate_guitar_pro_1419628id_19092013date.htm,Exhilarate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/an_ascent_guitar_pro_899710id_07122009date.htm,An Ascent,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/brace_legs_ver2_guitar_pro_812109id_14042009date.htm,Brace Legs,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_guitar_pro_1520672id_16092014date.htm,Behold,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/devastate_guitar_pro_1058005id_19052011date.htm,Devastate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/illusionist_ver2_guitar_pro_1433262id_20112013date.htm,Illusionist,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/divergency_guitar_pro_1411198id_12082013date.htm,Divergency,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/automatic_motion_ver2_guitar_pro_1114533id_09122011date.htm,Automatic Motion,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/elimination_guitar_pro_860159id_14082009date.htm,Elimination,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/dissimulation_solo_guitar_pro_1056263id_17052011date.htm,Dissimulation Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_and_xiv_guitar_pro_1513175id_21082014date.htm,Behold And Xiv,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/a_descent_guitar_pro_859206id_11082009date.htm,A Descent,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/follow_the_signs_solo_guitar_pro_1034930id_08032011date.htm,Follow The Signs Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/aeon_iii_guitar_pro_1420893id_25092013date.htm,Aeon Iii,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/machine_solo_guitar_pro_1399488id_04072013date.htm,Machine Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/abstract_art_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Abstract Art Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/abstract_art_guitar_pro.htm,Abstract Art,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/free_fall_guitar_pro_1774342id_17102015date.htm,Free Fall,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/follow_the_signs_guitar_pro_1066705id_16062011date.htm,Follow The Signs,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/illuminate_guitar_pro_1860619id_15072016date.htm,Illuminate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/empires_erased_ver2_guitar_pro_824739id_15052009date.htm,Empires Erased,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/exist_guitar_pro_831370id_01062009date.htm,Exist,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/ascension_guitar_pro_1058626id_23052011date.htm,Ascension,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/behold_sweeps_solo_guitar_pro_1054047id_10052011date.htm,Behold Sweeps Solo,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/dissimulation_guitar_pro_1106109id_07112011date.htm,Dissimulation,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/absolution_guitar_pro_1863939id_30072016date.htm,Absolution,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/two_worlds_of_design_guitar_pro_1114154id_08122011date.htm,Two Worlds Of Design,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/the_origin_guitar_pro_1491595id_09062014date.htm,The Origin,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/put_to_rest_guitar_pro_940658id_16042010date.htm,Put To Rest,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/xiv_guitar_pro_1071355id_05072011date.htm,Xiv,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/the_accountable_guitar_pro_953945id_31052010date.htm,The Accountable,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/regenerate_guitar_pro_1106001id_07112011date.htm,Regenerate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/river_of_time_guitar_pro_1778801id_04112015date.htm,River Of Time,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/sights_and_sounds_guitar_pro_892519id_13112009date.htm,Sights And Sounds,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/recreate_guitar_pro_1040909id_28032011date.htm,Recreate,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/the_other_half_of_me_ver2_guitar_pro_1821566id_05032016date.htm,The Other Half Of Me,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/machine_ver5_guitar_pro_1421983id_01102013date.htm,Machine,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/open_arms_to_damnation_guitar_pro.htm,Open Arms To Damnation,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/now_arise_guitar_pro_851367id_22072009date.htm,Now Arise,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/vengeance_guitar_pro_1704261id_23012015date.htm,Vengeance,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/rosecrance_ver2_guitar_pro_917295id_01022010date.htm,Rosecrance,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/starved_guitar_pro_953946id_31052010date.htm,Starved,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/source_field_guitar_pro_1703169id_20012015date.htm,Source Field,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/singularity_guitar_pro_1058738id_23052011date.htm,Singularity,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/the_takeover_guitar_pro_831371id_01062009date.htm,The Takeover,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/resilience_guitar_pro_1767099id_14092015date.htm,Resilience,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/born_of_osiris/the_new_reign_guitar_pro.htm,The New Reign,Born of Osiris
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/shadow_of_eternal_sin_guitar_pro.htm,Shadow Of Eternal Sin,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/whore_to_a_chainsaw_guitar_pro.htm,Whore To A Chainsaw,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/reign_of_darkness_guitar_pro.htm,Reign Of Darkness,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/requiem_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/soldiers_of_immortality_guitar_pro.htm,Soldiers Of Immortality,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/infinite_forms_guitar_pro.htm,Infinite Forms,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/flesh_oracle_guitar_pro.htm,Flesh Oracle,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/cowards_throne_guitar_pro.htm,Cowards Throne,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/immolation_guitar_pro.htm,Immolation,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/holy_war_guitar_pro.htm,Holy War,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/doomed_from_birth_guitar_pro.htm,Doomed From Birth,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/violent_reckoning_guitar_pro.htm,Violent Reckoning,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/shadow_of_eternal_sin_guitar_pro.htm,Shadow Of Eternal Sin,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/whore_to_a_chainsaw_guitar_pro.htm,Whore To A Chainsaw,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/reign_of_darkness_guitar_pro.htm,Reign Of Darkness,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/requiem_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/soldiers_of_immortality_guitar_pro.htm,Soldiers Of Immortality,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/infinite_forms_guitar_pro.htm,Infinite Forms,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/flesh_oracle_guitar_pro.htm,Flesh Oracle,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/cowards_throne_guitar_pro.htm,Cowards Throne,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/immolation_guitar_pro.htm,Immolation,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/holy_war_guitar_pro.htm,Holy War,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/doomed_from_birth_guitar_pro.htm,Doomed From Birth,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/thy_art_is_murder/violent_reckoning_guitar_pro.htm,Violent Reckoning,Thy Art is Murder
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/prophets_guitar_pro.htm,Prophets,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/slave_guitar_pro.htm,Slave,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/collapse_guitar_pro.htm,Collapse,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/burn_guitar_pro.htm,Burn,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/thread_guitar_pro.htm,Thread,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/the_constant_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Constant,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/drown_guitar_pro.htm,Drown,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/compass_guitar_pro.htm,Compass,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/goodbye_megaton_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goodbye Megaton,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/tragedy_guitar_pro.htm,Tragedy,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/the_disconnect_guitar_pro.htm,The Disconnect,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/stranger_guitar_pro.htm,Stranger,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/choke_guitar_pro.htm,Choke,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/you_think_youre_john_fucking_locke_guitar_pro.htm,You Think Youre John Fucking Locke,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/wither_guitar_pro.htm,Wither,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/withdrawal_guitar_pro.htm,Withdrawal,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/only_anchors_guitar_pro.htm,Only Anchors,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/digression_guitar_pro.htm,Digression,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/soil_guitar_pro.htm,Soil,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/cursed_guitar_pro.htm,Cursed,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/debris_guitar_pro.htm,Debris,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/witness_guitar_pro.htm,Witness,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/prophets_guitar_pro.htm,Prophets,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/slave_guitar_pro.htm,Slave,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/collapse_guitar_pro.htm,Collapse,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/burn_guitar_pro.htm,Burn,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/thread_guitar_pro.htm,Thread,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/the_constant_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Constant,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/drown_guitar_pro.htm,Drown,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/compass_guitar_pro.htm,Compass,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/goodbye_megaton_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goodbye Megaton,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/tragedy_guitar_pro.htm,Tragedy,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/the_disconnect_guitar_pro.htm,The Disconnect,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/stranger_guitar_pro.htm,Stranger,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/choke_guitar_pro.htm,Choke,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/you_think_youre_john_fucking_locke_guitar_pro.htm,You Think Youre John Fucking Locke,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/wither_guitar_pro.htm,Wither,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/withdrawal_guitar_pro.htm,Withdrawal,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/only_anchors_guitar_pro.htm,Only Anchors,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/digression_guitar_pro.htm,Digression,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/soil_guitar_pro.htm,Soil,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/cursed_guitar_pro.htm,Cursed,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/debris_guitar_pro.htm,Debris,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/counterparts/witness_guitar_pro.htm,Witness,Counterparts
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_bullet_for_pretty_boy/windows_guitar_pro.htm,Windows,A Bullet for Pretty Boy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_bullet_for_pretty_boy/windows_guitar_pro.htm,Windows,A Bullet for Pretty Boy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/affiance/nostra_culpa_guitar_pro.htm,Nostra Culpa,Affiance
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/affiance/call_to_the_warrior_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Call To The Warrior,Affiance
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/affiance/nostra_culpa_guitar_pro.htm,Nostra Culpa,Affiance
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/affiance/call_to_the_warrior_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Call To The Warrior,Affiance
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_eidolon_reality_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Eidolon Reality,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legions_of_the_serpent_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Legions Of The Serpent Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/akeldama_guitar_pro.htm,Akeldama,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_hideous_revelation_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Hideous Revelation,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_ii_emancipate_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Ii Emancipate Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/sons_of_belial_guitar_pro.htm,Sons Of Belial,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/hymn_of_sanity_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hymn Of Sanity,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_ancient_covenant_guitar_pro.htm,The Ancient Covenant,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_i_create_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement I Create,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/accelerated_evolution_guitar_pro.htm,Accelerated Evolution,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_ii_a_prophecys_fruition_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Ii A Prophecys Fruition,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/horizons_of_chaos_ii_hypocrisy_guitar_pro.htm,Horizons Of Chaos Ii Hypocrisy,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/coldly_calculated_design_guitar_pro.htm,Coldly Calculated Design,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/an_autopsy_guitar_pro.htm,An Autopsy,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/pestilence_guitar_pro.htm,Pestilence,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legion_of_the_serpent_guitar_pro.htm,Legion Of The Serpent,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/all_dark_graves_guitar_pro.htm,All Dark Graves,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legions_of_the_serpent_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Legions Of The Serpent,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/an_autopsy_solo_guitar_pro.htm,An Autopsy Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/in_solitude_guitar_pro.htm,In Solitude,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_ii_emancipate_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Ii Emancipate,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/prison_born_guitar_pro.htm,Prison Born,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/ghost_of_a_stranger_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Of A Stranger,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_ii_a_prophecies_fruition_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Ii A Prophecies Fruition,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_iii_deconsecrate_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Iii Deconsecrate,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/leica_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Leica,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/ten_billion_years_guitar_pro.htm,Ten Billion Years,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/shape_shifters_guitar_pro.htm,Shape Shifters,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_eidolon_reality_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Eidolon Reality,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legions_of_the_serpent_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Legions Of The Serpent Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/akeldama_guitar_pro.htm,Akeldama,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_hideous_revelation_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Hideous Revelation,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_ii_emancipate_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Ii Emancipate Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/sons_of_belial_guitar_pro.htm,Sons Of Belial,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/hymn_of_sanity_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hymn Of Sanity,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_ancient_covenant_guitar_pro.htm,The Ancient Covenant,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_i_create_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement I Create,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/accelerated_evolution_guitar_pro.htm,Accelerated Evolution,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_ii_a_prophecys_fruition_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Ii A Prophecys Fruition,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/horizons_of_chaos_ii_hypocrisy_guitar_pro.htm,Horizons Of Chaos Ii Hypocrisy,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/coldly_calculated_design_guitar_pro.htm,Coldly Calculated Design,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/an_autopsy_guitar_pro.htm,An Autopsy,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/pestilence_guitar_pro.htm,Pestilence,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legion_of_the_serpent_guitar_pro.htm,Legion Of The Serpent,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/all_dark_graves_guitar_pro.htm,All Dark Graves,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/legions_of_the_serpent_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Legions Of The Serpent,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/an_autopsy_solo_guitar_pro.htm,An Autopsy Solo,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/in_solitude_guitar_pro.htm,In Solitude,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_ii_emancipate_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Ii Emancipate,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/prison_born_guitar_pro.htm,Prison Born,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/ghost_of_a_stranger_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost Of A Stranger,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/planetary_duality_ii_a_prophecies_fruition_guitar_pro.htm,Planetary Duality Ii A Prophecies Fruition,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/autotheist_movement_iii_deconsecrate_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Autotheist Movement Iii Deconsecrate,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/leica_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Leica,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/ten_billion_years_guitar_pro.htm,Ten Billion Years,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/shape_shifters_guitar_pro.htm,Shape Shifters,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_spiraling_void_guitar_pro.htm,The Spiraling Void,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/xenochrist_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Xenochrist,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_faceless/the_eidolon_reality_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Eidolon Reality,The Faceless
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/crystal_lake/prometheus_guitar_pro.htm,Prometheus,Crystal Lake
https://plus.ultimate-guitar.com/tp/?utm_source=UltimateGuitar&utm_medium=Artists&utm_campaign=UG+Artists&artist=Crystal+Lake&song=Omega&t=MHx8MTczMjUxMQ%3D%3D,Omega,Crystal Lake
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/crystal_lake/prometheus_guitar_pro.htm,Prometheus,Crystal Lake
https://plus.ultimate-guitar.com/tp/?utm_source=UltimateGuitar&utm_medium=Artists&utm_campaign=UG+Artists&artist=Crystal+Lake&song=Omega&t=MHx8MTczMjUxMQ%3D%3D,Omega,Crystal Lake
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/white_light_guitar_pro.htm,White Light,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/blue_and_gold_guitar_pro.htm,Blue And Gold,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/greater_distance_guitar_pro.htm,Greater Distance,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/thirty_three_guitar_pro.htm,Thirty Three,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/through_the_cracks_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Cracks,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/chrono_guitar_pro.htm,Chrono,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/downbeat_guitar_pro.htm,Downbeat,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/between_the_lines_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Between The Lines,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/overlooked_guitar_pro.htm,Overlooked,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/truth_and_temper_guitar_pro.htm,Truth And Temper,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/the_conflict_guitar_pro.htm,The Conflict,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/the_great_unknown_guitar_pro.htm,The Great Unknown,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/avalanche_guitar_pro.htm,Avalanche,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/unspoken_guitar_pro.htm,Unspoken,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/faith_or_forgiveness_guitar_pro.htm,Faith Or Forgiveness,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/destined_guitar_pro.htm,Destined,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/dear_youth_day_52_guitar_pro.htm,Dear Youth Day 52,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/walk_away_from_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Walk Away From The World,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/engine_45_guitar_pro.htm,Engine 45,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/this_is_what_i_know_about_sacrifice_guitar_pro.htm,This Is What I Know About Sacrifice,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/slipping_away_guitar_pro.htm,Slipping Away,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/white_light_guitar_pro.htm,White Light,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/blue_and_gold_guitar_pro.htm,Blue And Gold,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/greater_distance_guitar_pro.htm,Greater Distance,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/thirty_three_guitar_pro.htm,Thirty Three,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/through_the_cracks_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Cracks,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/chrono_guitar_pro.htm,Chrono,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/downbeat_guitar_pro.htm,Downbeat,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/between_the_lines_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Between The Lines,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/overlooked_guitar_pro.htm,Overlooked,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/truth_and_temper_guitar_pro.htm,Truth And Temper,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/the_conflict_guitar_pro.htm,The Conflict,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/the_great_unknown_guitar_pro.htm,The Great Unknown,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/avalanche_guitar_pro.htm,Avalanche,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/unspoken_guitar_pro.htm,Unspoken,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/faith_or_forgiveness_guitar_pro.htm,Faith Or Forgiveness,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/destined_guitar_pro.htm,Destined,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/dear_youth_day_52_guitar_pro.htm,Dear Youth Day 52,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/walk_away_from_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Walk Away From The World,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/engine_45_guitar_pro.htm,Engine 45,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/this_is_what_i_know_about_sacrifice_guitar_pro.htm,This Is What I Know About Sacrifice,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_ghost_inside/slipping_away_guitar_pro.htm,Slipping Away,The Ghost Inside
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/afterlife_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/a_little_piece_of_heaven_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Little Piece Of Heaven,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/acid_rain_guitar_pro.htm,Acid Rain,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/a_little_piece_of_heaven_intro_guitar_pro.htm,A Little Piece Of Heaven Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/afterlife_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/4_00_am_guitar_pro.htm,4 00 Am,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/afterlife_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/a_little_piece_of_heaven_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Little Piece Of Heaven,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/acid_rain_guitar_pro.htm,Acid Rain,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/a_little_piece_of_heaven_intro_guitar_pro.htm,A Little Piece Of Heaven Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/afterlife_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/4_00_am_guitar_pro.htm,4 00 Am,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/bat_country_guitar_pro.htm,Bat Country,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/and_all_things_will_end_guitar_pro.htm,And All Things Will End,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/afterlife_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/bat_country_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Bat Country Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/almost_easy_guitar_pro.htm,Almost Easy,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/angels_guitar_pro.htm,Angels,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/an_epic_of_time_wasted_guitar_pro.htm,An Epic Of Time Wasted,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/betrayed_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Betrayed Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/betrayed_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Betrayed,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/beast_and_the_harlot_guitar_pro.htm,Beast And The Harlot,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/bat_country_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Bat Country,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/blinded_in_chains_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Blinded In Chains,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/buried_alive_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Buried Alive Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/buried_alive_guitar_pro.htm,Buried Alive,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/brompton_cocktail_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Brompton Cocktail,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/burn_it_down_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Burn It Down,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/breaking_their_hold_guitar_pro.htm,Breaking Their Hold,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/chapter_four_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Chapter Four,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/carry_on_guitar_pro.htm,Carry On,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/creating_god_guitar_pro.htm,Creating God,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/coming_home_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Coming Home,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/critical_acclaim_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Critical Acclaim,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/crossroads_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Crossroads,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/clairvoyant_disease_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Clairvoyant Disease,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/crossroads_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Crossroads Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/crimson_day_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Crimson Day,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/clairvoyent_disease_guitar_pro.htm,Clairvoyent Disease,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/dancing_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Dancing Dead,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/demons_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Demons,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/darkness_surrounding_guitar_pro.htm,Darkness Surrounding,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/desecrate_through_reverance_guitar_pro.htm,Desecrate Through Reverance,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/dancing_dead_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Dancing Dead Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/dear_god_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Dear God Acoustic,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/dear_god_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Dear God Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/dear_god_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Dear God,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/danger_line_guitar_pro.htm,Danger Line,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/forgotten_faces_guitar_pro.htm,Forgotten Faces,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/god_hates_us_guitar_pro.htm,God Hates Us,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/eternal_rest_guitar_pro.htm,Eternal Rest,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/fiction_guitar_pro.htm,Fiction,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/god_damn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,God Damn,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/exist_guitar_pro.htm,Exist,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/doing_time_guitar_pro.htm,Doing Time,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/girl_i_know_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Girl I Know,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/fiction_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Fiction Acoustic,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/fermi_paradox_guitar_pro.htm,Fermi Paradox,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/gunslinger_live_guitar_pro.htm,Gunslinger Live,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/gunslinger_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Gunslinger,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/i_wont_see_you_tonight_guitar_pro.htm,I Wont See You Tonight,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/heretic_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Heretic,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/i_wont_see_you_tonight_parts_1_2_guitar_pro.htm,I Wont See You Tonight Parts 1 2,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/i_wont_see_you_tonight_part_2_guitar_pro.htm,I Wont See You Tonight Part 2,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/i_wont_see_you_tonight_part_1_guitar_pro.htm,I Wont See You Tonight Part 1,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/hail_to_the_king_ver8_guitar_pro.htm,Hail To The King,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/hail_to_the_king_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Hail To The King Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/higher_guitar_pro.htm,Higher,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/lost_guitar_pro.htm,Lost,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/mia_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Mia,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/medley_guitar_pro.htm,Medley,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/natural_born_killer_guitar_pro.htm,Natural Born Killer,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/lips_of_deceit_guitar_pro.htm,Lips Of Deceit,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/missing_in_action_guitar_pro.htm,Missing In Action,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/lost_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/lost_it_all_guitar_pro.htm,Lost It All,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/radiant_eclipse_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Radiant Eclipse,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/requiem_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Requiem,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/nightmare_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nightmare,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/not_ready_to_die_guitar_pro.htm,Not Ready To Die,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/planets_guitar_pro.htm,Planets,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/remenissions_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Remenissions,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/paradigm_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Paradigm,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/save_me_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Save Me Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/second_heartbeat_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Second Heartbeat,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/save_me_guitar_pro.htm,Save Me,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/roman_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Roman Sky,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/scream_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Scream,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/shepherd_of_fire_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Shepherd Of Fire Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/shepherd_of_fire_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Shepherd Of Fire,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/sidewinder_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Sidewinder,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/seize_the_day_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Seize The Day,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/shattered_by_broken_dreams_guitar_pro.htm,Shattered By Broken Dreams,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/shepherd_of_fire_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Shepherd Of Fire Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/sunny_disposition_guitar_pro.htm,Sunny Disposition,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/so_far_away_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,So Far Away Acoustic,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/so_far_away_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,So Far Away,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/synysters_gates_live_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Synysters Gates Live Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/synysters_gates_live_guitar_pro.htm,Synysters Gates Live,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/strength_of_the_world_live_guitar_pro.htm,Strength Of The World Live,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/so_far_away_intro_guitar_pro.htm,So Far Away Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/streets_guitar_pro.htm,Streets,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/synysters_gates_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Synysters Gates Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/st_james_guitar_pro.htm,St James,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/the_art_of_subconscious_illusion_guitar_pro.htm,The Art Of Subconscious Illusion,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/strength_of_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Strength Of The World,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/tension_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Tension,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/the_stage_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Stage Intro,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/to_end_the_rapture_solo_guitar_pro.htm,To End The Rapture Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/trashed_and_scattered_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Trashed And Scattered,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/this_means_war_guitar_pro.htm,This Means War,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/unbound_the_wide_ride_guitar_pro.htm,Unbound The Wide Ride,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/the_fight_guitar_pro.htm,The Fight,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/to_end_the_rapture_live_guitar_pro.htm,To End The Rapture Live,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/trashed_and_scattered_live_guitar_pro.htm,Trashed And Scattered Live,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/turn_the_other_way_guitar_pro.htm,Turn The Other Way,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/the_stage_guitar_pro.htm,The Stage,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/to_end_the_rapture_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,To End The Rapture,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/tonight_the_world_dies_guitar_pro.htm,Tonight The World Dies,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/thick_and_thin_guitar_pro.htm,Thick And Thin,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/unbound_the_wild_ride_guitar_pro.htm,Unbound The Wild Ride,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/walk_guitar_pro.htm,Walk,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/victim_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Victim,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/until_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Until The End,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/unholy_confessions_guitar_pro.htm,Unholy Confessions,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/waking_the_fallen_guitar_pro.htm,Waking The Fallen,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/victim_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Victim Solo,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/wicked_end_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wicked End,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/warmness_on_the_soul_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Warmness On The Soul,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/welcome_to_the_family_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Welcome To The Family,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/we_come_out_at_night_guitar_pro.htm,We Come Out At Night,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/avenged_sevenfold/wicked_end_theme_guitar_pro.htm,Wicked End Theme,Avenged Sevenfold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/cellar_door_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cellar Door,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/desire_guitar_pro.htm,Desire,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/ashley_guitar_pro.htm,Ashley,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/day_of_wreckoning_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Wreckoning,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/10_miles_wide_guitar_pro.htm,10 Miles Wide,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/city_of_sin_guitar_pro.htm,City Of Sin,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/dragging_dead_bodies_in_blue_bags_up_really_long_hills_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Dragging Dead Bodies In Blue Bags Up Really Long Hills,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/bad_blood_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Blood,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/as_youre_falling_down_guitar_pro.htm,As Youre Falling Down,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/cellar_door_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cellar Door,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/desire_guitar_pro.htm,Desire,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/ashley_guitar_pro.htm,Ashley,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/day_of_wreckoning_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Wreckoning,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/10_miles_wide_guitar_pro.htm,10 Miles Wide,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/city_of_sin_guitar_pro.htm,City Of Sin,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/dragging_dead_bodies_in_blue_bags_up_really_long_hills_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Dragging Dead Bodies In Blue Bags Up Really Long Hills,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/bad_blood_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Blood,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/as_youre_falling_down_guitar_pro.htm,As Youre Falling Down,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/forget_about_me_guitar_pro.htm,Forget About Me,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/harder_than_you_know_guitar_pro.htm,Harder Than You Know,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/gullotine_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Gullotine Solo,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/gorgeous_nightmare_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Gorgeous Nightmare,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/friends_and_alibis_guitar_pro.htm,Friends And Alibis,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/guillotine_live_guitar_pro.htm,Guillotine Live,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/guillotine_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Guillotine,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/i_alone_guitar_pro.htm,I Alone,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/issues_guitar_pro.htm,Issues,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/harder_than_you_know_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Harder Than You Know Intro,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/lost_in_darkness_guitar_pro.htm,Lost In Darkness,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/not_good_enough_for_truth_in_cliche_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Not Good Enough For Truth In Cliche,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/live_fast_die_beautiful_guitar_pro.htm,Live Fast Die Beautiful,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/massacre_guitar_pro.htm,Massacre,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/my_apocalypse_guitar_pro.htm,My Apocalypse,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/liars_and_monsters_guitar_pro.htm,Liars And Monsters,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/on_to_the_next_one_guitar_pro.htm,On To The Next One,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/ransom_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ransom,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/situations_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Situations,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/smooth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Smooth,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/picture_perfect_guitar_pro.htm,Picture Perfect,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/reverse_this_curse_guitar_pro.htm,Reverse This Curse,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/one_for_the_money_guitar_pro.htm,One For The Money,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/prepare_your_weapon_guitar_pro.htm,Prepare Your Weapon,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_final_blow_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Blow,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_flood_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,The Flood,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/theres_no_sympathy_for_the_dead_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Theres No Sympathy For The Dead,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_webs_we_weave_guitar_pro.htm,The Webs We Weave,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_aftermath_g3_guitar_pro.htm,The Aftermath G3,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_day_i_left_the_womb_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Day I Left The Womb,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/something_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Something,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/theres_no_sympathy_for_the_dead_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Theres No Sympathy For The Dead Solo,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/the_aftermath_the_guillotine_part_3_guitar_pro.htm,The Aftermath The Guillotine Part 3,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/webs_we_weave_guitar_pro.htm,Webs We Weave,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/ungrateful_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Ungrateful,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/this_war_is_ours_solo_guitar_pro.htm,This War Is Ours Solo,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/youre_insane_guitar_pro.htm,Youre Insane,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/world_around_me_guitar_pro.htm,World Around Me,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/until_we_die_guitar_pro.htm,Until We Die,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/you_are_so_beautiful_guitar_pro.htm,You Are So Beautiful,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/this_war_is_ours_intro_guitar_pro.htm,This War Is Ours Intro,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/when_i_go_out_i_want_to_go_out_on_a_chariot_of_fire_guitar_pro.htm,When I Go Out I Want To Go Out On A Chariot Of Fire,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/escape_the_fate/this_war_is_ours_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,This War Is Ours,Escape the Fate
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/black_horses_stampede_guitar_pro.htm,Black Horses Stampede,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/arms_of_the_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of The Sea,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/laments_of_an_icarus_guitar_pro.htm,Laments Of An Icarus,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/reaching_home_guitar_pro.htm,Reaching Home,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/millstone_guitar_pro.htm,Millstone,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/awake_guitar_pro.htm,Awake,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/singularity_guitar_pro.htm,Singularity,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/old_days_born_anew_guitar_pro.htm,Old Days Born Anew,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/shaping_a_single_grain_of_sand_guitar_pro.htm,Shaping A Single Grain Of Sand,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/black_horses_stampede_guitar_pro.htm,Black Horses Stampede,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/arms_of_the_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Arms Of The Sea,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/laments_of_an_icarus_guitar_pro.htm,Laments Of An Icarus,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/reaching_home_guitar_pro.htm,Reaching Home,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/millstone_guitar_pro.htm,Millstone,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/awake_guitar_pro.htm,Awake,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/singularity_guitar_pro.htm,Singularity,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/old_days_born_anew_guitar_pro.htm,Old Days Born Anew,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/textures/shaping_a_single_grain_of_sand_guitar_pro.htm,Shaping A Single Grain Of Sand,Textures
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ants_of_the_sky_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ants Of The Sky,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/augment_of_rebirth_ver2_guitar_pro_1107900id_14112011date.htm,Augment Of Rebirth,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/autodidac_guitar_pro.htm,Autodidac,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/camilla_rhodes_guitar_pro.htm,Camilla Rhodes,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ad_a_dglgmut_guitar_pro.htm,Ad A Dglgmut,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/all_bodies_solo_guitar_pro.htm,All Bodies Solo,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/aspirations_ver2_guitar_pro_1476212id_13042014date.htm,Aspirations,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/alaska_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Alaska Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/bloom_ver3_guitar_pro_1454999id_14012014date.htm,Bloom,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/all_bodies_guitar_pro.htm,All Bodies,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/colorblind_guitar_pro.htm,Colorblind,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/arsonist_guitar_pro.htm,Arsonist,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/astral_body_ver2_guitar_pro_1188131id_12102012date.htm,Astral Body,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/alaska_guitar_pro.htm,Alaska,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/breathe_in_breathe_out_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe In Breathe Out,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/backwards_marathon_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Backwards Marathon,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/aesthetic_guitar_pro.htm,Aesthetic,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/croakies_and_boatshoes_guitar_pro_886210id_26102009date.htm,Croakies And Boatshoes,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/black_box_guitar_pro_1189809id_22102012date.htm,Black Box,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ad_a_dglgmut_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Ad A Dglgmut Solo,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/autodidact_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Autodidact,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/decade_of_statues_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Decade Of Statues,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ants_of_the_sky_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ants Of The Sky,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/augment_of_rebirth_ver2_guitar_pro_1107900id_14112011date.htm,Augment Of Rebirth,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/autodidac_guitar_pro.htm,Autodidac,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/camilla_rhodes_guitar_pro.htm,Camilla Rhodes,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ad_a_dglgmut_guitar_pro.htm,Ad A Dglgmut,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/all_bodies_solo_guitar_pro.htm,All Bodies Solo,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/aspirations_ver2_guitar_pro_1476212id_13042014date.htm,Aspirations,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/alaska_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Alaska Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/bloom_ver3_guitar_pro_1454999id_14012014date.htm,Bloom,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/all_bodies_guitar_pro.htm,All Bodies,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/colorblind_guitar_pro.htm,Colorblind,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/arsonist_guitar_pro.htm,Arsonist,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/astral_body_ver2_guitar_pro_1188131id_12102012date.htm,Astral Body,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/alaska_guitar_pro.htm,Alaska,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/breathe_in_breathe_out_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe In Breathe Out,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/backwards_marathon_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Backwards Marathon,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/aesthetic_guitar_pro.htm,Aesthetic,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/croakies_and_boatshoes_guitar_pro_886210id_26102009date.htm,Croakies And Boatshoes,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/black_box_guitar_pro_1189809id_22102012date.htm,Black Box,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/ad_a_dglgmut_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Ad A Dglgmut Solo,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/autodidact_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Autodidact,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/decade_of_statues_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Decade Of Statues,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/lost_perfection_b_anablephobia_guitar_pro_1068036id_20062011date.htm,Lost Perfection B Anablephobia,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/melting_city_guitar_pro_1455000id_14012014date.htm,Melting City,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/foam_born_b_the_decade_of_statues_guitar_pro.htm,Foam Born B The Decade Of Statues,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/extremophile_elite_guitar_pro_1216687id_15022013date.htm,Extremophile Elite,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/laser_speed_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Laser Speed,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/foam_born_the_backtrack_guitar_pro.htm,Foam Born The Backtrack,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/informal_gluttony_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Informal Gluttony,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/fire_for_a_dry_mouth_guitar_pro_1982201id_17042017date.htm,Fire For A Dry Mouth,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/king_redeem_queen_serene_guitar_pro_1758245id_09082015date.htm,King Redeem Queen Serene,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/famine_wolf_guitar_pro_1752194id_15072015date.htm,Famine Wolf,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/desert_of_song_ver2_guitar_pro_1026759id_11022011date.htm,Desert Of Song,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/memory_palace_guitar_pro_1782480id_18112015date.htm,Memory Palace,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/fossil_genera_a_feed_from_cloud_mountain_guitar_pro_933513id_24032010date.htm,Fossil Genera A Feed From Cloud Mountain,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/foam_born_a_the_backtrack_ver3_guitar_pro_1063572id_06062011date.htm,Foam Born A The Backtrack,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/informal_gluttony_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Informal Gluttony Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/medicine_wheel_ver2_guitar_pro_878114id_01102009date.htm,Medicine Wheel,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/little_15_guitar_pro_880175id_07102009date.htm,Little 15,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/goodbye_to_everything_ver3_guitar_pro_1187320id_08102012date.htm,Goodbye To Everything,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/disease_injury_madness_intro_guitar_pro_898388id_03122009date.htm,Disease Injury Madness Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/lay_your_ghosts_to_rest_ver3_guitar_pro_1189796id_22102012date.htm,Lay Your Ghosts To Rest,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/disease_injury_madness_guitar_pro_975144id_05082010date.htm,Disease Injury Madness,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/lost_perfection_a_coulrophobia_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Perfection A Coulrophobia,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/lunar_wilderness_guitar_pro_1067979id_20062011date.htm,Lunar Wilderness,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/life_in_velvet_guitar_pro_1746574id_21062015date.htm,Life In Velvet,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/node_guitar_pro_1745905id_19062015date.htm,Node,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/need_for_repetition_guitar_pro.htm,Need For Repetition,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/obfuscation_ver2_guitar_pro_946494id_05052010date.htm,Obfuscation,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/selkies_the_endless_obsession_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Selkies The Endless Obsession Solo,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/specular_reflection_ver2_guitar_pro_1071358id_05072011date.htm,Specular Reflection,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/son_of_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Son Of Nothing,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/mirrors_guitar_pro_1147960id_20042012date.htm,Mirrors,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/shevanel_take_2_guitar_pro.htm,Shevanel Take 2,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/silent_flight_parliament_guitar_pro_1201142id_17122012date.htm,Silent Flight Parliament,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/sun_of_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Sun Of Nothing,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/selkies_the_endless_obsession_guitar_pro.htm,Selkies The Endless Obsession,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/swim_to_the_moon_guitar_pro_904813id_25122009date.htm,Swim To The Moon,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/shevanel_cut_a_flip_guitar_pro.htm,Shevanel Cut A Flip,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/mordecai_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Mordecai,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/roboturner_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Roboturner Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/option_oblivion_guitar_pro_1806949id_24012016date.htm,Option Oblivion,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/prequel_to_the_sequel_guitar_pro.htm,Prequel To The Sequel,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/roboturner_guitar_pro_1022427id_27012011date.htm,Roboturner,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/primer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Primer,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/naked_by_the_computer_guitar_pro_1983665id_20042017date.htm,Naked By The Computer,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/obfuscation_intro_guitar_pro_892050id_12112009date.htm,Obfuscation Intro,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/turn_on_the_darkness_guitar_pro_1758374id_09082015date.htm,Turn On The Darkness,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/what_we_have_become_guitar_pro.htm,What We Have Become,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/use_of_a_weapon_guitar_pro.htm,Use Of A Weapon,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/the_coma_machine_guitar_pro_1757354id_05082015date.htm,The Coma Machine,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/the_backtrack_guitar_pro.htm,The Backtrack,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/the_ectopic_stroll_guitar_pro_1759698id_15082015date.htm,The Ectopic Stroll,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/telos_guitar_pro_1173898id_08082012date.htm,Telos,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/white_walls_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,White Walls,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/viridian_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Viridian,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/between_the_buried_and_me/the_black_box_guitar_pro_1454997id_14012014date.htm,The Black Box,Between the Buried and Me
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/horcrux_guitar_pro.htm,Horcrux,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/empty_vessels_make_the_most_noise_guitar_pro.htm,Empty Vessels Make The Most Noise,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/denial_guitar_pro.htm,Denial,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/degenerate_guitar_pro.htm,Degenerate,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/admit_defeat_guitar_pro.htm,Admit Defeat,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/the_uncollective_guitar_pro.htm,The Uncollective,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/jinn_guitar_pro.htm,Jinn,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/97_static_guitar_pro.htm,97 Static,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/i_the_destroyer_guitar_pro.htm,I The Destroyer,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/regenerate_guitar_pro.htm,Regenerate,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/origin_of_escape_guitar_pro.htm,Origin Of Escape,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/quasimodo_guitar_pro.htm,Quasimodo,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/doxa_guitar_pro.htm,Doxa,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/garden_of_sankhara_guitar_pro.htm,Garden Of Sankhara,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/i_the_creator_guitar_pro.htm,I The Creator,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/the_alchemist_guitar_pro.htm,The Alchemist,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/memoirs_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Memoirs,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/horcrux_guitar_pro.htm,Horcrux,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/empty_vessels_make_the_most_noise_guitar_pro.htm,Empty Vessels Make The Most Noise,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/denial_guitar_pro.htm,Denial,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/degenerate_guitar_pro.htm,Degenerate,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/admit_defeat_guitar_pro.htm,Admit Defeat,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/the_uncollective_guitar_pro.htm,The Uncollective,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/jinn_guitar_pro.htm,Jinn,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/97_static_guitar_pro.htm,97 Static,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/i_the_destroyer_guitar_pro.htm,I The Destroyer,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/regenerate_guitar_pro.htm,Regenerate,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/origin_of_escape_guitar_pro.htm,Origin Of Escape,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/quasimodo_guitar_pro.htm,Quasimodo,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/doxa_guitar_pro.htm,Doxa,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/garden_of_sankhara_guitar_pro.htm,Garden Of Sankhara,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/i_the_creator_guitar_pro.htm,I The Creator,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/the_alchemist_guitar_pro.htm,The Alchemist,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/monuments/memoirs_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Memoirs,Monuments
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/carpathian/isolation_cursed_guitar_pro.htm,Isolation Cursed,Carpathian
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/carpathian/isolation_cursed_guitar_pro.htm,Isolation Cursed,Carpathian
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/beast_of_man_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Beast Of Man,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/christopher_amott_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Christopher Amott Solo,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/burning_angel_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Angel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/carry_the_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Carry The Cross,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/blood_on_your_hands_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Blood On Your Hands Intro,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bury_me_an_angel_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Me An Angel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/anthem_guitar_pro.htm,Anthem,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/avalanche_guitar_pro.htm,Avalanche,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/city_of_the_dead_guitar_pro.htm,City Of The Dead,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/as_the_pages_burn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,As The Pages Burn,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dark_insanity_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Insanity,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/blood_on_your_hands_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blood On Your Hands,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/cruelty_without_beauty_guitar_pro.htm,Cruelty Without Beauty,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bridge_of_destiny_guitar_pro.htm,Bridge Of Destiny,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/angelclaw_guitar_pro.htm,Angelclaw,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bloodstained_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodstained Cross,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/behind_the_smile_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Behind The Smile,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/beast_of_man_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Beast Of Man,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/christopher_amott_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Christopher Amott Solo,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/burning_angel_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Angel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/carry_the_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Carry The Cross,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/blood_on_your_hands_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Blood On Your Hands Intro,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bury_me_an_angel_guitar_pro.htm,Bury Me An Angel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/anthem_guitar_pro.htm,Anthem,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/avalanche_guitar_pro.htm,Avalanche,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/city_of_the_dead_guitar_pro.htm,City Of The Dead,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/as_the_pages_burn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,As The Pages Burn,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dark_insanity_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Insanity,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/blood_on_your_hands_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blood On Your Hands,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/cruelty_without_beauty_guitar_pro.htm,Cruelty Without Beauty,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bridge_of_destiny_guitar_pro.htm,Bridge Of Destiny,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/angelclaw_guitar_pro.htm,Angelclaw,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/bloodstained_cross_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodstained Cross,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/behind_the_smile_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Behind The Smile,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dead_inside_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Inside,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/diva_satanica_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Diva Satanica,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/down_to_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Down To Nothing,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/enemy_within_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Enemy Within,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/eureka_guitar_pro.htm,Eureka,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dead_bury_their_dead_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Bury Their Dead,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/enter_the_machine_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Enter The Machine,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/hybrids_of_steel_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrids Of Steel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/graveyard_of_dreams_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Graveyard Of Dreams,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dehumanization_guitar_pro.htm,Dehumanization,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dark_of_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Of The Sun,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/end_of_the_line_guitar_pro.htm,End Of The Line,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/heart_of_darkness_guitar_pro.htm,Heart Of Darkness,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/dead_eyes_see_no_future_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Eyes See No Future,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/fields_of_desolation_guitar_pro.htm,Fields Of Desolation,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/exist_to_exit_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Exist To Exit,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/marching_on_a_dead_end_road_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Marching On A Dead End Road,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/i_will_live_again_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,I Will Live Again,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/nemesis_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Nemesis,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/machtkampf_guitar_pro.htm,Machtkampf,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/khaos_overture_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Khaos Overture,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/hybrids_of_steel_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Hybrids Of Steel,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/mechanic_god_creation_guitar_pro.htm,Mechanic God Creation,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/let_the_killing_begin_guitar_pro.htm,Let The Killing Begin,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/lament_of_a_mortal_soul_guitar_pro.htm,Lament Of A Mortal Soul,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/intermezzo_liberte_guitar_pro.htm,Intermezzo Liberte,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/my_apocalypse_video_edit_guitar_pro.htm,My Apocalypse Video Edit,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/instinct_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Instinct,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/my_apocalypse_guitar_pro.htm,My Apocalypse,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/i_am_legend_out_for_blood_guitar_pro.htm,I Am Legend Out For Blood,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/in_this_shallow_grave_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In This Shallow Grave,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/pilgrim_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Pilgrim,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/on_and_on_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,On And On,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/savage_messiah_guitar_pro.htm,Savage Messiah,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/skeleton_dance_guitar_pro.htm,Skeleton Dance,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/seed_of_hate_guitar_pro.htm,Seed Of Hate,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/never_forgive_never_forget_guitar_pro.htm,Never Forgive Never Forget,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/silent_wars_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Silent Wars,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/silverwing_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Silverwing,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/revolution_begins_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Revolution Begins,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/shadow_on_the_wall_guitar_pro.htm,Shadow On The Wall,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/shadows_and_dust_guitar_pro.htm,Shadows And Dust,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/sinister_mephisto_guitar_pro.htm,Sinister Mephisto,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/night_falls_fast_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Night Falls Fast,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/ravenous_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ravenous,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/rise_of_the_tyrant_guitar_pro.htm,Rise Of The Tyrant,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/no_more_regrets_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,No More Regrets,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/not_long_for_this_world_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Not Long For This World,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/slaves_of_yesterday_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Slaves Of Yesterday,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/the_great_darkness_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Great Darkness,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/vultures_guitar_pro.htm,Vultures,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/stolen_life_guitar_pro.htm,Stolen Life,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/the_last_enemy_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Enemy,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/we_are_a_godless_entity_guitar_pro.htm,We Are A Godless Entity,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/war_eternal_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,War Eternal,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/turn_to_dust_guitar_pro.htm,Turn To Dust,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/taking_back_my_soul_guitar_pro.htm,Taking Back My Soul,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/snow_bound_guitar_pro.htm,Snow Bound,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/we_will_rise_guitar_pro.htm,We Will Rise,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/under_black_flags_we_march_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Under Black Flags We March,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/through_the_eyes_of_a_raven_guitar_pro.htm,Through The Eyes Of A Raven,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/the_day_you_died_guitar_pro.htm,The Day You Died,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/time_is_black_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Time Is Black,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/the_first_deadly_sin_guitar_pro.htm,The First Deadly Sin,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/the_immortal_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Immortal,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/tears_of_the_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Tears Of The Dead,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/transmigration_macabre_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Transmigration Macabre,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/vengeance_is_mine_guitar_pro.htm,Vengeance Is Mine,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/vox_stellarum_guitar_pro.htm,Vox Stellarum,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/yesterday_is_dead_and_gone_guitar_pro.htm,Yesterday Is Dead And Gone,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/arch_enemy/you_will_know_my_name_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,You Will Know My Name,Arch Enemy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/make_them_suffer/widower_guitar_pro.htm,Widower,Make Them Suffer
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/make_them_suffer/neverbloom_guitar_pro.htm,Neverbloom,Make Them Suffer
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/make_them_suffer/widower_guitar_pro.htm,Widower,Make Them Suffer
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/make_them_suffer/neverbloom_guitar_pro.htm,Neverbloom,Make Them Suffer
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/banned_from_heaven_guitar_pro.htm,Banned From Heaven,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/all_for_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,All For Nothing,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bastards_of_bodom_guitar_pro.htm,Bastards Of Bodom,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/aces_high_guitar_pro.htm,Aces High,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/antisocial_guitar_pro.htm,Antisocial,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/all_twisted_guitar_pro.htm,All Twisted,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/alexis_demonstration_guitar_pro.htm,Alexis Demonstration,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/angels_dont_kill_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Angels Dont Kill,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/are_you_dead_yet_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Are You Dead Yet,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/black_widow_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Black Widow,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bed_of_razors_guitar_pro.htm,Bed Of Razors,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/banned_from_heaven_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Banned From Heaven Intro,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/banned_from_heaven_guitar_pro.htm,Banned From Heaven,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/all_for_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,All For Nothing,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bastards_of_bodom_guitar_pro.htm,Bastards Of Bodom,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/aces_high_guitar_pro.htm,Aces High,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/antisocial_guitar_pro.htm,Antisocial,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/all_twisted_guitar_pro.htm,All Twisted,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/alexis_demonstration_guitar_pro.htm,Alexis Demonstration,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/angels_dont_kill_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Angels Dont Kill,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/are_you_dead_yet_ver7_guitar_pro.htm,Are You Dead Yet,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/black_widow_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Black Widow,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bed_of_razors_guitar_pro.htm,Bed Of Razors,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/banned_from_heaven_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Banned From Heaven Intro,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/dead_mans_hand_on_you_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Mans Hand On You,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bodom_beach_terror_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bodom Beach Terror,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bodom_after_midnight_guitar_pro.htm,Bodom After Midnight,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/deadnight_warrior_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Deadnight Warrior,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/damaged_beyond_repair_guitar_pro.htm,Damaged Beyond Repair,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/done_with_everything_die_for_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,Done With Everything Die For Nothing,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/chokehold_cocked_n_loaded_guitar_pro.htm,Chokehold Cocked N Loaded,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/children_of_decadence_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Children Of Decadence,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/cry_of_the_nihilist_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Of The Nihilist,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/blooddrunk_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blooddrunk,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/children_of_bodom_guitar_pro.htm,Children Of Bodom,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/damage_beyond_repair_guitar_pro.htm,Damage Beyond Repair,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/dawnfall_guitar_pro.htm,Dawnfall,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/chokehold_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Chokehold,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/bodom_blue_moon_guitar_pro.htm,Bodom Blue Moon,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/ghostriders_in_the_sky_guitar_pro.htm,Ghostriders In The Sky,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/dont_stop_at_the_top_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Stop At The Top,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hate_crew_deathroll_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hate Crew Deathroll,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/four_seasons_-_summer_3_guitar_pro.htm,Four Seasons - Summer 3,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/downfall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Downfall,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hate_me_guitar_pro.htm,Hate Me,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/four_seasons_-_summer_guitar_pro.htm,Four Seasons - Summer,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hate_me_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Hate Me Acoustic,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/everytime_i_die_guitar_pro.htm,Everytime I Die,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hate_me_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Hate Me Solo,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/halo_of_blood_guitar_pro.htm,Halo Of Blood,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/four_seasons_guitar_pro.htm,Four Seasons,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/done_with_everything_die_for_nothing_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Done With Everything Die For Nothing,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/downfall_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Downfall Solo,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/follow_the_reaper_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Follow The Reaper,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/im_shipping_up_to_boston_guitar_pro.htm,Im Shipping Up To Boston,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/if_you_want_peace_prepare_for_war_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,If You Want Peace Prepare For War,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hellhounds_on_my_trail_guitar_pro.htm,Hellhounds On My Trail,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/kissing_the_shadows_guitar_pro.htm,Kissing The Shadows,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hatebreeder_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hatebreeder,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/i_hurt_guitar_pro.htm,I Hurt,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/i_worship_chaos_guitar_pro.htm,I Worship Chaos,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/lake_bodom_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Lake Bodom,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/kissing_the_shadows_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Kissing The Shadows Solo,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/knuckleduster_guitar_pro.htm,Knuckleduster,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/in_the_shadows_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In The Shadows,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hellion_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hellion,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/hell_is_for_children_guitar_pro.htm,Hell Is For Children,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/in_your_face_guitar_pro.htm,In Your Face,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/northpole_throwdown_guitar_pro.htm,Northpole Throwdown,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/next_in_line_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Next In Line,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/morrigan_guitar_pro.htm,Morrigan,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/not_my_funeral_guitar_pro.htm,Not My Funeral,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/northern_comfort_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Northern Comfort,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/lobodomy_guitar_pro.htm,Lobodomy,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/one_day_you_will_cry_guitar_pro.htm,One Day You Will Cry,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/no_commands_guitar_pro.htm,No Commands,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/mask_of_sanity_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Mask Of Sanity,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/one_bottle_and_a_knee_deep_guitar_pro.htm,One Bottle And A Knee Deep,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/lil_bloodred_ridin_hood_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lil Bloodred Ridin Hood,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/needled_24_7_guitar_pro.htm,Needled 24 7,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/lookin_out_my_back_door_guitar_pro.htm,Lookin Out My Back Door,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/living_dead_beat_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Living Dead Beat,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/pussyfoot_miss_suicide_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Pussyfoot Miss Suicide,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/rebel_yell_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rebel Yell,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/scream_for_silence_guitar_pro.htm,Scream For Silence,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/red_light_in_my_eyes_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Red Light In My Eyes,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/silent_night_bodom_night_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Silent Night Bodom Night,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/reap_and_roll_guitar_pro.htm,Reap And Roll,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/roadkill_morning_guitar_pro.htm,Roadkill Morning,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/shovel_knockout_guitar_pro.htm,Shovel Knockout,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/oops_i_did_it_again_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Oops I Did It Again,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/she_is_beautiful_guitar_pro.htm,She Is Beautiful,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/red_light_in_my_eyes_part_2_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Red Light In My Eyes Part 2,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/relentless_reckless_forever_guitar_pro.htm,Relentless Reckless Forever,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/passage_to_the_reaper_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Passage To The Reaper,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/roundtrip_to_hell_and_back_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Roundtrip To Hell And Back,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/punch_me_i_bleed_guitar_pro.htm,Punch Me I Bleed,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/towards_dead_end_guitar_pro.htm,Towards Dead End,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/touch_like_angel_of_death_live_guitar_pro.htm,Touch Like Angel Of Death Live,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/the_nail_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Nail,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/taste_of_my_scythe_guitar_pro.htm,Taste Of My Scythe,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/sixpounder_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Sixpounder,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/the_final_countdown_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Final Countdown,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/the_days_are_numbered_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Days Are Numbered,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/transference_guitar_pro.htm,Transference,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/sleeping_in_my_car_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Sleeping In My Car,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/silent_scream_guitar_pro.htm,Silent Scream,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/touch_like_an_angel_of_death_guitar_pro.htm,Touch Like An Angel Of Death,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/somebody_put_something_in_my_drink_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Somebody Put Something In My Drink,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/tie_my_rope_guitar_pro.htm,Tie My Rope,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/smile_pretty_for_the_devil_guitar_pro.htm,Smile Pretty For The Devil,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/the_art_of_children_of_bodom_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Art Of Children Of Bodom,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/the_art_of_alexi_laiho_guitar_pro.htm,The Art Of Alexi Laiho,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/six_pounder_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Six Pounder,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/touch_like_angel_of_death_guitar_pro.htm,Touch Like Angel Of Death,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/tie_my_rope_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Tie My Rope Solo,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/touch_like_an_angel_of_death_live_guitar_pro.htm,Touch Like An Angel Of Death Live,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/suicide_bomber_guitar_pro.htm,Suicide Bomber,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/waltari_song_guitar_pro.htm,Waltari Song,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/youre_better_off_dead_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Youre Better Off Dead,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/was_it_worth_it_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Was It Worth It Intro,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/ugly_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Ugly,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/were_not_gonna_fall_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Were Not Gonna Fall,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/warheart_guitar_pro.htm,Warheart,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/triple_corpse_hammerblow_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Triple Corpse Hammerblow,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/waste_of_skin_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Waste Of Skin,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/trashed_lost_and_strungout_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Trashed Lost And Strungout,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/vivaldis_summer_theme_from_alexis_demonstration_guitar_pro.htm,Vivaldis Summer Theme From Alexis Demonstration,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/trashed_lost_strungout_guitar_pro.htm,Trashed Lost Strungout,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/wrath_within_from_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Wrath Within From,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/widdershins_guitar_pro.htm,Widdershins,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/wrath_within_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Wrath Within,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/waltari_jam_guitar_pro.htm,Waltari Jam,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/children_of_bodom/was_it_worth_it_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Was It Worth It,Children of Bodom
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/never_alone_guitar_pro.htm,Never Alone,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/keepers_of_the_faith_guitar_pro.htm,Keepers Of The Faith,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/return_to_strength_guitar_pro.htm,Return To Strength,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/live_by_the_code_guitar_pro.htm,Live By The Code,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/shattered_guitar_pro.htm,Shattered,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/strike_you_down_guitar_pro.htm,Strike You Down,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/stick_tight_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Stick Tight,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/keep_your_mouth_shut_guitar_pro.htm,Keep Your Mouth Shut,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/hell_and_back_guitar_pro.htm,Hell And Back,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/hard_lessons_guitar_pro.htm,Hard Lessons,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/never_alone_guitar_pro.htm,Never Alone,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/keepers_of_the_faith_guitar_pro.htm,Keepers Of The Faith,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/return_to_strength_guitar_pro.htm,Return To Strength,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/live_by_the_code_guitar_pro.htm,Live By The Code,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/shattered_guitar_pro.htm,Shattered,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/strike_you_down_guitar_pro.htm,Strike You Down,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/stick_tight_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Stick Tight,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/keep_your_mouth_shut_guitar_pro.htm,Keep Your Mouth Shut,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/hell_and_back_guitar_pro.htm,Hell And Back,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/terror/hard_lessons_guitar_pro.htm,Hard Lessons,Terror
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/raunchy/warriors_guitar_pro.htm,Warriors,Raunchy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/raunchy/warriors_guitar_pro.htm,Warriors,Raunchy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/cataract/as_we_speak_guitar_pro.htm,As We Speak,Cataract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/cataract/blackest_hour_guitar_pro.htm,Blackest Hour,Cataract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/cataract/as_we_speak_guitar_pro.htm,As We Speak,Cataract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/cataract/blackest_hour_guitar_pro.htm,Blackest Hour,Cataract
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/destroyer_guitar_pro.htm,Destroyer,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/all_in_wait_guitar_pro.htm,All In Wait,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/dirthouse_guitar_pro.htm,Dirthouse,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/cold_guitar_pro.htm,Cold,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/bled_for_days_guitar_pro.htm,Bled For Days,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/black_and_white_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Black And White,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/destroyer_guitar_pro.htm,Destroyer,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/all_in_wait_guitar_pro.htm,All In Wait,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/dirthouse_guitar_pro.htm,Dirthouse,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/cold_guitar_pro.htm,Cold,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/bled_for_days_guitar_pro.htm,Bled For Days,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/black_and_white_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Black And White,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/get_to_the_gone_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Get To The Gone,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/monster_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Monster,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/permanence_guitar_pro.htm,Permanence,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/new_pain_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,New Pain,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/love_dump_guitar_pro.htm,Love Dump,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/push_it_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Push It,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/im_with_stupid_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Im With Stupid,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/otsegolation_guitar_pro.htm,Otsegolation,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/fix_guitar_pro.htm,Fix,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/shadow_zone_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Shadow Zone,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/terminal_guitar_pro.htm,Terminal,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/the_only_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Only,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/so_guitar_pro.htm,So,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/the_trance_is_the_motion_guitar_pro.htm,The Trance Is The Motion,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/static-x/this_is_not_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,This Is Not,Static-X
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/vessel_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Vessel Solo,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/holomovement_guitar_pro.htm,Holomovement,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/exoplanet_i_egress_guitar_pro.htm,Exoplanet I Egress,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/flourish_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Flourish,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/advent_guitar_pro.htm,Advent,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/oscillator_guitar_pro.htm,Oscillator,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/predator_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Predator,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/language_i_intuition_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Language I Intuition,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/primordial_sound_guitar_pro.htm,Primordial Sound,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/contact_guitar_pro.htm,Contact,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/thrive_guitar_pro.htm,Thrive,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/vessel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Vessel,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/primal_directive_guitar_pro.htm,Primal Directive,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/dreaming_schematics_guitar_pro.htm,Dreaming Schematics,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/axiom_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Axiom,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/ebb_and_flow_guitar_pro.htm,Ebb And Flow,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/vessel_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Vessel Solo,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/holomovement_guitar_pro.htm,Holomovement,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/exoplanet_i_egress_guitar_pro.htm,Exoplanet I Egress,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/flourish_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Flourish,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/advent_guitar_pro.htm,Advent,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/oscillator_guitar_pro.htm,Oscillator,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/predator_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Predator,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/language_i_intuition_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Language I Intuition,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/primordial_sound_guitar_pro.htm,Primordial Sound,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/contact_guitar_pro.htm,Contact,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/thrive_guitar_pro.htm,Thrive,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/vessel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Vessel,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/primal_directive_guitar_pro.htm,Primal Directive,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/dreaming_schematics_guitar_pro.htm,Dreaming Schematics,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/axiom_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Axiom,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_contortionist/ebb_and_flow_guitar_pro.htm,Ebb And Flow,The Contortionist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/aviator_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Aviator Solo,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/impassion_guitar_pro.htm,Impassion,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria Solo,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/nightmare_guitar_pro.htm,Nightmare,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/crush_guitar_pro.htm,Crush,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/champagne_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Champagne,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/87_guitar_pro.htm,87,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/persevere_guitar_pro.htm,Persevere,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/ivory_guitar_pro.htm,Ivory,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria Intro,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/finale_guitar_pro.htm,Finale,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/culture_shock_guitar_pro.htm,Culture Shock,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/the_jungle_guitar_pro.htm,The Jungle,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/aviator_guitar_pro.htm,Aviator,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/james_franco_guitar_pro.htm,James Franco,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/an_evaporation_guitar_pro.htm,An Evaporation,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/light_guitar_pro.htm,Light,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/champagne_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Champagne Intro,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/sweet_tea_guitar_pro.htm,Sweet Tea,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/ignite_guitar_pro.htm,Ignite,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/inspire_guitar_pro.htm,Inspire,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/baditude_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Baditude,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/amour_guitar_pro.htm,Amour,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/aviator_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Aviator Solo,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/impassion_guitar_pro.htm,Impassion,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria Solo,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/nightmare_guitar_pro.htm,Nightmare,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/crush_guitar_pro.htm,Crush,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/champagne_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Champagne,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/87_guitar_pro.htm,87,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/persevere_guitar_pro.htm,Persevere,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/ivory_guitar_pro.htm,Ivory,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/euphoria_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Euphoria Intro,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/finale_guitar_pro.htm,Finale,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/culture_shock_guitar_pro.htm,Culture Shock,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/the_jungle_guitar_pro.htm,The Jungle,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/aviator_guitar_pro.htm,Aviator,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/james_franco_guitar_pro.htm,James Franco,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/an_evaporation_guitar_pro.htm,An Evaporation,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/light_guitar_pro.htm,Light,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/champagne_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Champagne Intro,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/sweet_tea_guitar_pro.htm,Sweet Tea,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/ignite_guitar_pro.htm,Ignite,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/inspire_guitar_pro.htm,Inspire,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/baditude_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Baditude,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/polyphia/amour_guitar_pro.htm,Amour,Polyphia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/first_light_guitar_pro.htm,First Light,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/homewrecker_guitar_pro.htm,Homewrecker,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/broken_vow_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Vow,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/dead_guitar_pro.htm,Dead,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/aimless_arrow_guitar_pro.htm,Aimless Arrow,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/coral_blue_guitar_pro.htm,Coral Blue,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/cutter_guitar_pro.htm,Cutter,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/dark_horse_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Horse,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/color_me_blood_red_guitar_pro.htm,Color Me Blood Red,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/the_saddest_day_guitar_pro.htm,The Saddest Day,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/all_we_love_we_leave_behind_guitar_pro.htm,All We Love We Leave Behind,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/the_lowest_common_denominator_guitar_pro.htm,The Lowest Common Denominator,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/concubine_guitar_pro.htm,Concubine,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/sadness_comes_home_guitar_pro.htm,Sadness Comes Home,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/axe_to_fall_guitar_pro.htm,Axe To Fall,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/jane_doe_guitar_pro.htm,Jane Doe,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/farewell_note_to_this_city_guitar_pro.htm,Farewell Note To This City,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/heartless_guitar_pro.htm,Heartless,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/eagles_become_vultures_guitar_pro.htm,Eagles Become Vultures,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/no_heroes_guitar_pro.htm,No Heroes,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/heaven_in_her_arms_guitar_pro.htm,Heaven In Her Arms,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/bitter_and_then_some_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bitter And Then Some,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/first_light_guitar_pro.htm,First Light,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/homewrecker_guitar_pro.htm,Homewrecker,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/broken_vow_guitar_pro.htm,Broken Vow,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/dead_guitar_pro.htm,Dead,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/aimless_arrow_guitar_pro.htm,Aimless Arrow,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/coral_blue_guitar_pro.htm,Coral Blue,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/cutter_guitar_pro.htm,Cutter,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/dark_horse_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Horse,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/color_me_blood_red_guitar_pro.htm,Color Me Blood Red,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/the_saddest_day_guitar_pro.htm,The Saddest Day,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/all_we_love_we_leave_behind_guitar_pro.htm,All We Love We Leave Behind,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/the_lowest_common_denominator_guitar_pro.htm,The Lowest Common Denominator,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/concubine_guitar_pro.htm,Concubine,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/sadness_comes_home_guitar_pro.htm,Sadness Comes Home,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/axe_to_fall_guitar_pro.htm,Axe To Fall,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/jane_doe_guitar_pro.htm,Jane Doe,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/farewell_note_to_this_city_guitar_pro.htm,Farewell Note To This City,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/heartless_guitar_pro.htm,Heartless,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/eagles_become_vultures_guitar_pro.htm,Eagles Become Vultures,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/no_heroes_guitar_pro.htm,No Heroes,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/heaven_in_her_arms_guitar_pro.htm,Heaven In Her Arms,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/bitter_and_then_some_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bitter And Then Some,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/converge/wretched_world_guitar_pro.htm,Wretched World,Converge
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/the_worst_of_them_guitar_pro.htm,The Worst Of Them,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/mad_at_myself_guitar_pro.htm,Mad At Myself,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/the_realest_guitar_pro.htm,The Realest,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/hooligans_guitar_pro.htm,Hooligans,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/king_of_amarillo_guitar_pro.htm,King Of Amarillo,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/coma_guitar_pro.htm,Coma,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/love_sex_riot_guitar_pro.htm,Love Sex Riot,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/stingray_affliction_guitar_pro.htm,Stingray Affliction,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/the_worst_of_them_guitar_pro.htm,The Worst Of Them,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/mad_at_myself_guitar_pro.htm,Mad At Myself,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/the_realest_guitar_pro.htm,The Realest,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/hooligans_guitar_pro.htm,Hooligans,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/king_of_amarillo_guitar_pro.htm,King Of Amarillo,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/coma_guitar_pro.htm,Coma,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/love_sex_riot_guitar_pro.htm,Love Sex Riot,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/issues/stingray_affliction_guitar_pro.htm,Stingray Affliction,Issues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_i_the_crimson_sunrise_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons I The Crimson Sunrise,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_fortune_in_lies_guitar_pro.htm,A Fortune In Lies,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_new_beginning_guitar_pro.htm,A New Beginning,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_nightmare_to_remember_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,A Nightmare To Remember,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_better_life_guitar_pro.htm,A Better Life,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/6_00_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,6 00,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_mind_beside_itself_guitar_pro.htm,A Mind Beside Itself,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_iii_carpe_diem_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons Iii Carpe Diem,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_i_the_crimson_sunrise_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons I The Crimson Sunrise,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_fortune_in_lies_guitar_pro.htm,A Fortune In Lies,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_new_beginning_guitar_pro.htm,A New Beginning,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_nightmare_to_remember_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,A Nightmare To Remember,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_better_life_guitar_pro.htm,A Better Life,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/6_00_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,6 00,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_mind_beside_itself_guitar_pro.htm,A Mind Beside Itself,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_iii_carpe_diem_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons Iii Carpe Diem,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_change_of_seasons_guitar_pro.htm,A Change Of Seasons,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/another_hand_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Another Hand,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/another_day_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Another Day,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/along_for_the_ride_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Along For The Ride,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/about_to_crash_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,About To Crash,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/anna_lee_guitar_pro.htm,Anna Lee,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/afterlife_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/another_won_guitar_pro.htm,Another Won,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/another_day_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Another Day Acoustic,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_rite_of_passage_guitar_pro.htm,A Rite Of Passage,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/acid_rain_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Acid Rain,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/about_to_crash_reprise_guitar_pro.htm,About To Crash Reprise,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/a_savior_in_the_square_intro_guitar_pro.htm,A Savior In The Square Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/answer_lies_within_guitar_pro.htm,Answer Lies Within,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/begin_again_guitar_pro.htm,Begin Again,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/caught_in_a_web_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Caught In A Web,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/beneath_the_surface_guitar_pro.htm,Beneath The Surface,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/build_me_up_break_me_down_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Build Me Up Break Me Down,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/breaking_all_illusions_guitar_pro.htm,Breaking All Illusions,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/as_i_am_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,As I Am,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/bridges_in_the_sky_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Bridges In The Sky,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/burning_my_soul_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Burning My Soul,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/blind_faith_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blind Faith,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/behind_the_veil_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Behind The Veil,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/beyond_this_life_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond This Life,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/constant_motion_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Constant Motion Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/far_from_heaven_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Far From Heaven,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/erotomania_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Erotomania,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/dance_of_eternity_guitar_pro.htm,Dance Of Eternity,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/chosen_guitar_pro.htm,Chosen,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/endless_sacrifice_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Endless Sacrifice,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/false_awakening_suite_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,False Awakening Suite,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/constant_motion_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Constant Motion,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/eve_guitar_pro.htm,Eve,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/enigma_machine_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Enigma Machine,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/dystopian_overture_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Dystopian Overture,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/disappear_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Disappear,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/dark_eternal_night_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dark Eternal Night,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/hollow_years_live_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow Years Live,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/hollow_years_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hollow Years,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/great_debate_guitar_pro.htm,Great Debate,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/heavens_cove_guitar_pro.htm,Heavens Cove,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/forsaken_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Forsaken,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/finally_free_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Finally Free,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/goodnight_kiss_guitar_pro.htm,Goodnight Kiss,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/home_guitar_pro.htm,Home,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/hells_kitchen_guitar_pro.htm,Hells Kitchen,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/flight_of_the_bumblebee_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Flight Of The Bumblebee,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/funeral_for_a_friend_guitar_pro.htm,Funeral For A Friend,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/fatal_tragedy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fatal Tragedy,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/in_the_name_of_god_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In The Name Of God,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/honor_thy_father_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Honor Thy Father,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/illumination_theory_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Illumination Theory,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/i_walk_beside_you_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,I Walk Beside You,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/instrumedley_guitar_pro.htm,Instrumedley,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/hymn_of_a_thousand_voices_guitar_pro.htm,Hymn Of A Thousand Voices,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/in_the_presence_of_enemies_guitar_pro.htm,In The Presence Of Enemies,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/in_the_presence_of_enemies_part_1_guitar_pro.htm,In The Presence Of Enemies Part 1,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/in_the_presence_of_enemies_part_2_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In The Presence Of Enemies Part 2,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/innocence_faded_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Innocence Faded,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/lie_guitar_pro.htm,Lie,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/learning_to_live_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Learning To Live,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/instumedley_guitar_pro.htm,Instumedley,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/lie_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Lie,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/my_last_farewell_guitar_pro.htm,My Last Farewell,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/ministry_of_lost_souls_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Ministry Of Lost Souls Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/metropolis_part_1_guitar_pro.htm,Metropolis Part 1,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/lifting_shadows_off_a_dream_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lifting Shadows Off A Dream,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/metropolis_part_2_-_scenes_from_a_memory_guitar_pro.htm,Metropolis Part 2 - Scenes From A Memory,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/never_enough_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Never Enough,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/moment_of_betrayal_guitar_pro.htm,Moment Of Betrayal,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/losing_time_grand_finale_guitar_pro.htm,Losing Time Grand Finale,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/metropolis_part_1_the_miracle_and_the_sleeper_guitar_pro.htm,Metropolis Part 1 The Miracle And The Sleeper,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/lost_not_forgotten_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Lost Not Forgotten,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/live_at_budokan_jam_guitar_pro.htm,Live At Budokan Jam,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/ministry_of_lost_souls_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Ministry Of Lost Souls,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/lines_in_the_sand_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Lines In The Sand,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/misunderstood_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Misunderstood,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/new_millenium_guitar_pro.htm,New Millenium,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/overture_1928_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Overture 1928,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/on_the_backs_of_angels_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,On The Backs Of Angels,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/our_new_world_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Our New World Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/overture_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Overture,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/octavarium_-_full_circle_guitar_pro.htm,Octavarium - Full Circle,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/new_millennium_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,New Millennium,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/octavarium_guitar_pro.htm,Octavarium,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/our_new_world_guitar_pro.htm,Our New World,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/panic_attack_guitar_pro.htm,Panic Attack,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/one_last_time_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,One Last Time,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/octavarium_v_razors_edge_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Octavarium V Razors Edge Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/outcry_guitar_pro.htm,Outcry,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/only_a_matter_of_time_guitar_pro.htm,Only A Matter Of Time,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/raise_the_knife_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Raise The Knife Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/root_of_all_evil_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Root Of All Evil,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/sacrificed_sons_guitar_pro.htm,Sacrificed Sons,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/pull_me_under_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Pull Me Under,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/repentance_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Repentance,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/raise_the_knife_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Raise The Knife,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/prophets_of_war_guitar_pro.htm,Prophets Of War,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/peruvian_skies_guitar_pro.htm,Peruvian Skies,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/raw_dog_guitar_pro.htm,Raw Dog,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/pull_me_under_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Pull Me Under Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/scarred_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Scarred,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/regression_guitar_pro.htm,Regression,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/repentance_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Repentance Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/solitary_shell_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Solitary Shell,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/six_degrees_of_inner_turbulence_guitar_pro.htm,Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/stream_of_consciousness_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Stream Of Consciousness Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/take_the_time_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Take The Time,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/space-dye_vest_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Space-Dye Vest,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/take_away_my_pain_guitar_pro.htm,Take Away My Pain,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/surrounded_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Surrounded,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/stream_of_consciousness_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Stream Of Consciousness,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/surrender_to_reason_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Surrender To Reason,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/strange_deja_vu_guitar_pro.htm,Strange Deja Vu,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/stargazer_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Stargazer Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/space-dye_vest_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Space-Dye Vest Acoustic,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/speak_to_me_guitar_pro.htm,Speak To Me,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/take_your_fingers_from_my_hair_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Take Your Fingers From My Hair Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_enemy_inside_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Enemy Inside,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_best_of_times_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Best Of Times,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_glass_prison_guitar_pro.htm,The Glass Prison,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_big_medley_guitar_pro.htm,The Big Medley,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_count_of_tuscany_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,The Count Of Tuscany,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_best_of_times_solo_guitar_pro.htm,The Best Of Times Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_dance_of_eternity_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Dance Of Eternity,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_gift_of_music_guitar_pro.htm,The Gift Of Music,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_best_of_times_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Best Of Times Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_bigger_picture_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Bigger Picture,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/test_that_stumped_them_all_guitar_pro.htm,Test That Stumped Them All,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_mirror_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Mirror,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_test_that_stumped_them_all_guitar_pro.htm,The Test That Stumped Them All,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_silent_man_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Silent Man,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_looking_glass_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Looking Glass,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_ministry_of_lost_souls_guitar_pro.htm,The Ministry Of Lost Souls,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_root_of_all_evil_guitar_pro.htm,The Root Of All Evil,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_shattered_fortress_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Shattered Fortress,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_ytse_jam_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Ytse Jam,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/these_walls_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,These Walls,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_ones_who_help_to_set_the_sun_guitar_pro.htm,The Ones Who Help To Set The Sun,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_x_aspect_guitar_pro.htm,The X Aspect,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_killing_hand_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Killing Hand,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/the_spirit_carries_on_guitar_pro.htm,The Spirit Carries On,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/this_dying_soul_guitar_pro.htm,This Dying Soul,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/voices_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Voices,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/this_is_the_life_solo_guitar_pro.htm,This Is The Life Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/war_inside_my_head_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,War Inside My Head,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/universal_mind_guitar_pro.htm,Universal Mind,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/under_a_glass_moon_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Under A Glass Moon,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/to_live_forever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,To Live Forever,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/vacant_guitar_pro.htm,Vacant,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/through_my_words_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Through My Words,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/through_her_eyes_live_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Through Her Eyes Live Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/this_is_the_life_guitar_pro.htm,This Is The Life,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/to_tame_a_land_guitar_pro.htm,To Tame A Land,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/trial_of_tears_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Trial Of Tears,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/wait_for_sleep_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Wait For Sleep,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/three_days_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Three Days,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/through_her_eyes_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Through Her Eyes,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/this_is_the_life_intro_guitar_pro.htm,This Is The Life Intro,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/you_not_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,You Not Me,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/wither_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Wither,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/wither_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Wither Solo,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dream_theater/ytse_jam_guitar_pro.htm,Ytse Jam,Dream Theater
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/breathe_no_more_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe No More,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life Acoustic,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/anywhere_guitar_pro.htm,Anywhere,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_live_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life Live,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/breathe_no_more_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe No More,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life Acoustic,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/anywhere_guitar_pro.htm,Anywhere,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_live_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life Live,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/bring_me_to_life_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bring Me To Life,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/everybodys_fool_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Everybodys Fool,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/call_me_when_youre_sober_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Call Me When Youre Sober,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/cloud_nine_guitar_pro.htm,Cloud Nine,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/farther_away_guitar_pro.htm,Farther Away,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/field_of_innocence_guitar_pro.htm,Field Of Innocence,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/going_under_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Going Under,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/haunted_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Haunted,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/going_under_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Going Under Acoustic,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/good_enough_guitar_pro.htm,Good Enough,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/hello_guitar_pro.htm,Hello,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/like_you_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Like You,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/lies_guitar_pro.htm,Lies,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/lost_in_paradise_guitar_pro.htm,Lost In Paradise,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/my_heart_is_broken_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,My Heart Is Broken,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/imaginary_guitar_pro.htm,Imaginary,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/lithium_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Lithium,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/snow_white_queen_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Snow White Queen,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/sweet_sacrifice_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Sweet Sacrifice,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/october_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,October,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/my_immortal_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,My Immortal Acoustic,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/solitude_guitar_pro.htm,Solitude,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/so_close_guitar_pro.htm,So Close,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/my_immortal_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,My Immortal,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/my_last_breath_guitar_pro.htm,My Last Breath,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/the_last_song_im_wasting_on_you_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Song Im Wasting On You,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/thoughtless_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Thoughtless,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/the_only_one_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Only One,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/what_you_want_guitar_pro.htm,What You Want,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/taking_over_me_guitar_pro.htm,Taking Over Me,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/weight_of_the_world_guitar_pro.htm,Weight Of The World,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/tourniquet_guitar_pro.htm,Tourniquet,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/whisper_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Whisper,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/e/evanescence/your_star_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Your Star,Evanescence
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bleed_for_ancient_gods_guitar_pro.htm,Bleed For Ancient Gods,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/as_loke_falls_guitar_pro.htm,As Loke Falls,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bastards_of_a_lying_breed_guitar_pro.htm,Bastards Of A Lying Breed,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/amon_amarth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Amon Amarth,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/as_long_as_the_raven_flies_guitar_pro.htm,As Long As The Raven Flies,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_dream_that_cannot_be_guitar_pro.htm,A Dream That Cannot Be,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/deceiver_of_the_gods_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Deceiver Of The Gods,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bloodshed_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodshed,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/at_dawns_first_light_guitar_pro.htm,At Dawns First Light,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/back_on_northern_shores_guitar_pro.htm,Back On Northern Shores,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/embrace_of_the_endless_ocean_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace Of The Endless Ocean Intro,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/burning_creation_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Creation,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/coming_of_the_tide_guitar_pro.htm,Coming Of The Tide,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_fury_divine_guitar_pro.htm,A Fury Divine,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/blood_eagle_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Eagle,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/death_in_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Death In Fire,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/abandoned_guitar_pro.htm,Abandoned,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/arson_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Arson,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/embrace_of_the_endless_ocean_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace Of The Endless Ocean,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/an_ancient_sign_of_coming_storm_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,An Ancient Sign Of Coming Storm,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/father_of_the_wolf_guitar_pro.htm,Father Of The Wolf,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/destroyer_of_the_universe_guitar_pro.htm,Destroyer Of The Universe,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/and_soon_the_world_will_cease_to_be_guitar_pro.htm,And Soon The World Will Cease To Be,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/doom_over_dead_man_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Doom Over Dead Man,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/cry_of_the_black_birds_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Of The Black Birds,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_beast_am_i_guitar_pro.htm,A Beast Am I,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/across_the_rainbow_bridge_guitar_pro.htm,Across The Rainbow Bridge,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/burning_anvil_of_steel_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Anvil Of Steel,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_beast_am_i_intro_guitar_pro.htm,A Beast Am I Intro,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/down_the_slopes_of_death_guitar_pro.htm,Down The Slopes Of Death,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/asator_guitar_pro.htm,Asator,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/death_in_fire_2016_re-record_guitar_pro.htm,Death In Fire 2016 Re-Record,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bleed_for_ancient_gods_guitar_pro.htm,Bleed For Ancient Gods,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/as_loke_falls_guitar_pro.htm,As Loke Falls,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bastards_of_a_lying_breed_guitar_pro.htm,Bastards Of A Lying Breed,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/amon_amarth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Amon Amarth,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/as_long_as_the_raven_flies_guitar_pro.htm,As Long As The Raven Flies,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_dream_that_cannot_be_guitar_pro.htm,A Dream That Cannot Be,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/deceiver_of_the_gods_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Deceiver Of The Gods,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/bloodshed_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodshed,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/at_dawns_first_light_guitar_pro.htm,At Dawns First Light,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/back_on_northern_shores_guitar_pro.htm,Back On Northern Shores,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/embrace_of_the_endless_ocean_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace Of The Endless Ocean Intro,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/burning_creation_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Creation,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/coming_of_the_tide_guitar_pro.htm,Coming Of The Tide,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_fury_divine_guitar_pro.htm,A Fury Divine,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/blood_eagle_guitar_pro.htm,Blood Eagle,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/death_in_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Death In Fire,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/abandoned_guitar_pro.htm,Abandoned,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/arson_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Arson,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/embrace_of_the_endless_ocean_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace Of The Endless Ocean,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/an_ancient_sign_of_coming_storm_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,An Ancient Sign Of Coming Storm,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/father_of_the_wolf_guitar_pro.htm,Father Of The Wolf,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/destroyer_of_the_universe_guitar_pro.htm,Destroyer Of The Universe,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/and_soon_the_world_will_cease_to_be_guitar_pro.htm,And Soon The World Will Cease To Be,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/doom_over_dead_man_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Doom Over Dead Man,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/cry_of_the_black_birds_guitar_pro.htm,Cry Of The Black Birds,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_beast_am_i_guitar_pro.htm,A Beast Am I,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/across_the_rainbow_bridge_guitar_pro.htm,Across The Rainbow Bridge,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/burning_anvil_of_steel_guitar_pro.htm,Burning Anvil Of Steel,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/a_beast_am_i_intro_guitar_pro.htm,A Beast Am I Intro,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/down_the_slopes_of_death_guitar_pro.htm,Down The Slopes Of Death,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/asator_guitar_pro.htm,Asator,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/death_in_fire_2016_re-record_guitar_pro.htm,Death In Fire 2016 Re-Record,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/one_thousand_burning_arrows_guitar_pro.htm,One Thousand Burning Arrows,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/for_the_stabwounds_in_our_backs_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For The Stabwounds In Our Backs,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/live_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Live Intro,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/shape_shifter_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Shape Shifter,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/masters_of_war_guitar_pro.htm,Masters Of War,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/hel_guitar_pro.htm,Hel,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/hermods_ride_to_hel_-_lokes_treachery_part_1_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hermods Ride To Hel - Lokes Treachery Part 1,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/friends_of_the_suncross_guitar_pro.htm,Friends Of The Suncross,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/once_sealed_in_blood_guitar_pro.htm,Once Sealed In Blood,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/free_will_sacrifice_guitar_pro.htm,Free Will Sacrifice,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/once_sent_from_the_golden_hall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Once Sent From The Golden Hall,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/runes_to_my_memory_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Runes To My Memory,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/ride_for_vengeance_guitar_pro.htm,Ride For Vengeance,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/siegreicher_marsch_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Siegreicher Marsch,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/prediction_of_warfare_guitar_pro.htm,Prediction Of Warfare,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/one_against_all_guitar_pro.htm,One Against All,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/no_fear_for_the_setting_sun_guitar_pro.htm,No Fear For The Setting Sun,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/on_a_sea_of_blood_guitar_pro.htm,On A Sea Of Blood,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/gods_of_war_arise_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Gods Of War Arise,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/guardians_of_asgaard_guitar_pro.htm,Guardians Of Asgaard,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/metalwrath_guitar_pro.htm,Metalwrath,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/live_without_regrets_guitar_pro.htm,Live Without Regrets,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/raise_your_horns_guitar_pro.htm,Raise Your Horns,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/north_sea_storm_guitar_pro.htm,North Sea Storm,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/live_for_the_kill_guitar_pro.htm,Live For The Kill,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/first_kill_guitar_pro.htm,First Kill,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/for_victory_or_death_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,For Victory Or Death,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/releasing_surturs_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Releasing Surturs Fire,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/legend_of_a_banished_man_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Legend Of A Banished Man,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/tocks_taunt_-_lokes_treachery_part_ii_guitar_pro.htm,Tocks Taunt - Lokes Treachery Part Ii,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/under_the_northern_star_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Under The Northern Star,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_pursuit_of_vikings_guitar_pro.htm,The Pursuit Of Vikings,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_dragons_flight_across_the_waves_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Dragons Flight Across The Waves,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_last_with_pagan_blood_guitar_pro.htm,The Last With Pagan Blood,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/tattered_banners_and_bloody_flags_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Tattered Banners And Bloody Flags,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_fate_of_norns_guitar_pro.htm,The Fate Of Norns,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_last_stand_of_frej_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Stand Of Frej,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/under_siege_guitar_pro.htm,Under Siege,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_beheading_of_a_king_guitar_pro.htm,The Beheading Of A King,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_arrival_of_the_fimbul_winter_guitar_pro.htm,The Arrival Of The Fimbul Winter,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/slaves_of_fear_guitar_pro.htm,Slaves Of Fear,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_way_of_vikings_guitar_pro.htm,The Way Of Vikings,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/thousand_years_of_oppression_guitar_pro.htm,Thousand Years Of Oppression,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/valhall_awaits_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Valhall Awaits Me,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/twilight_of_the_thunder_god_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Twilight Of The Thunder God,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/stand_up_to_go_down_guitar_pro.htm,Stand Up To Go Down,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/snake_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Snake Eyes,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/the_hero_guitar_pro.htm,The Hero,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/where_silent_gods_stand_guard_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Where Silent Gods Stand Guard,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/victorious_march_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Victorious March,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/without_fear_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Without Fear,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/wanderer_guitar_pro.htm,Wanderer,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/warriors_of_the_north_guitar_pro.htm,Warriors Of The North,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/where_is_your_god_guitar_pro.htm,Where Is Your God,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/with_oden_on_our_side_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,With Oden On Our Side,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/varyags_of_miklagaard_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Varyags Of Miklagaard,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/valkyries_ride_guitar_pro.htm,Valkyries Ride,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/where_death_seems_to_dwell_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Where Death Seems To Dwell,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/war_of_the_gods_guitar_pro.htm,War Of The Gods,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/wrath_of_the_norsemen_guitar_pro.htm,Wrath Of The Norsemen,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/vengeance_is_my_name_guitar_pro.htm,Vengeance Is My Name,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/amon_amarth/we_shall_destroy_guitar_pro.htm,We Shall Destroy,Amon Amarth
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/15_fathoms_counting_guitar_pro.htm,15 Fathoms Counting,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blessed_with_a_curse_guitar_pro_1002552id_09112010date.htm,Blessed With A Curse,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blasphemy_guitar_pro_1873005id_07092016date.htm,Blasphemy,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/anthem_guitar_pro_1096469id_29092011date.htm,Anthem,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/a_lot_like_vegas_guitar_pro_819589id_01052009date.htm,A Lot Like Vegas,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/braille_guitar_pro.htm,Braille,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/alligator_blood_ver3_guitar_pro_1081098id_04082011date.htm,Alligator Blood,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blacklist_guitar_pro_1109578id_21112011date.htm,Blacklist,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/and_the_snakes_start_to_sing_ver2_guitar_pro_1869859id_25082016date.htm,And The Snakes Start To Sing,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/avalanche_guitar_pro_1765935id_10092015date.htm,Avalanche,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_and_blue_ver2_guitar_pro_1124153id_18012012date.htm,Black And Blue,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_blue_guitar_pro.htm,Black Blue,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/antivist_guitar_pro_1233799id_29032013date.htm,Antivist,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_and_blue_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Black And Blue Solo,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/15_fathoms_counting_guitar_pro.htm,15 Fathoms Counting,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blessed_with_a_curse_guitar_pro_1002552id_09112010date.htm,Blessed With A Curse,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blasphemy_guitar_pro_1873005id_07092016date.htm,Blasphemy,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/anthem_guitar_pro_1096469id_29092011date.htm,Anthem,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/a_lot_like_vegas_guitar_pro_819589id_01052009date.htm,A Lot Like Vegas,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/braille_guitar_pro.htm,Braille,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/alligator_blood_ver3_guitar_pro_1081098id_04082011date.htm,Alligator Blood,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/blacklist_guitar_pro_1109578id_21112011date.htm,Blacklist,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/and_the_snakes_start_to_sing_ver2_guitar_pro_1869859id_25082016date.htm,And The Snakes Start To Sing,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/avalanche_guitar_pro_1765935id_10092015date.htm,Avalanche,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_and_blue_ver2_guitar_pro_1124153id_18012012date.htm,Black And Blue,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_blue_guitar_pro.htm,Black Blue,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/antivist_guitar_pro_1233799id_29032013date.htm,Antivist,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/black_and_blue_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Black And Blue Solo,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/diamonds_arent_forever_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Diamonds Arent Forever Intro,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/can_you_feel_my_heart_acoustic_guitar_pro_1755504id_29072015date.htm,Can You Feel My Heart Acoustic,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/empire_let_them_sing_ver2_guitar_pro_1709077id_05022015date.htm,Empire Let Them Sing,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/doomed_guitar_pro_1871036id_30082016date.htm,Doomed,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/diamonds_arent_forever_ver3_guitar_pro_847822id_13072009date.htm,Diamonds Arent Forever,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/drown_guitar_pro_1673119id_21102014date.htm,Drown,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/can_you_feel_my_heart_ver3_guitar_pro_1410205id_09082013date.htm,Can You Feel My Heart,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/crucify_me_guitar_pro_1015710id_04012011date.htm,Crucify Me,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/chelsea_smile_guitar_pro.htm,Chelsea Smile,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/chasing_rainbows_guitar_pro_1448183id_16122013date.htm,Chasing Rainbows,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/crucify_me_intro_guitar_pro_1011471id_13122010date.htm,Crucify Me Intro,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/eyeless_guitar_pro_801520id_13032009date.htm,Eyeless,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/it_never_ends_guitar_pro_983298id_01092010date.htm,It Never Ends,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/liqor_and_love_lost_guitar_pro.htm,Liqor And Love Lost,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/go_to_hell_for_heavens_sake_ver3_guitar_pro_1474030id_03042014date.htm,Go To Hell For Heavens Sake,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/happy_song_guitar_pro_1751767id_13072015date.htm,Happy Song,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/fuck_ver2_guitar_pro_1229158id_12032013date.htm,Fuck,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/follow_you_guitar_pro_1774056id_15102015date.htm,Follow You,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/for_stevie_wonders_eyes_only_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,For Stevie Wonders Eyes Only,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/liquor_love_lost_guitar_pro.htm,Liquor Love Lost,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/liquor_and_love_lost_guitar_pro.htm,Liquor And Love Lost,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/it_was_written_in_blood_guitar_pro.htm,It Was Written In Blood,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/medusa_guitar_pro_935272id_29032010date.htm,Medusa,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/hospital_for_souls_guitar_pro_1870324id_26082016date.htm,Hospital For Souls,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/i_used_to_make_out_with_medusa_guitar_pro.htm,I Used To Make Out With Medusa,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/oh_no_guitar_pro_1843714id_10052016date.htm,Oh No,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/shed_light_ver2_guitar_pro_919709id_08022010date.htm,Shed Light,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/sleepwalking_ver2_guitar_pro_1426320id_22102013date.htm,Sleepwalking,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/shadow_moses_guitar_pro_1207698id_14012013date.htm,Shadow Moses,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/pray_for_plagues_ver6_guitar_pro_885910id_23102009date.htm,Pray For Plagues,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/seen_it_all_before_guitar_pro_1398865id_26062013date.htm,Seen It All Before,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/off_the_heezay_guitar_pro.htm,Off The Heezay,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/suicide_season_ver4_guitar_pro_882156id_13102009date.htm,Suicide Season,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/slow_dance_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Slow Dance,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/sleep_with_one_eye_open_ver2_guitar_pro_1013349id_20122010date.htm,Sleep With One Eye Open,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/throne_ver2_guitar_pro_1755707id_28072015date.htm,Throne,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/traitors_never_play_hangman_guitar_pro.htm,Traitors Never Play Hangman,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/the_sadness_will_never_end_ver3_guitar_pro_981235id_24082010date.htm,The Sadness Will Never End,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/tell_slater_not_to_wash_his_dick_guitar_pro.htm,Tell Slater Not To Wash His Dick,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/the_comedown_guitar_pro_787826id_05022009date.htm,The Comedown,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/what_you_need_guitar_pro_1766471id_12092015date.htm,What You Need,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/the_house_of_wolves_ver2_guitar_pro_1416484id_04092013date.htm,The House Of Wolves,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/true_friends_ver3_guitar_pro_1763348id_30082015date.htm,True Friends,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/traitors_never_play_hangman_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Traitors Never Play Hangman Acoustic,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/visions_guitar_pro_999535id_29102010date.htm,Visions,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bring_me_the_horizon/the_sadness_will_never_end_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Sadness Will Never End Intro,Bring Me The Horizon
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/flatline_guitar_pro.htm,Flatline,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/insomnia_guitar_pro.htm,Insomnia,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/froggin_bullfish_guitar_pro.htm,Froggin Bullfish,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/extraneous_guitar_pro.htm,Extraneous,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/letter_experiment_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Letter Experiment,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/facepalm_mute_guitar_pro.htm,Facepalm Mute,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/make_total_destroy_guitar_pro.htm,Make Total Destroy,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/absolomb_guitar_pro.htm,Absolomb,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/hell_below_guitar_pro.htm,Hell Below,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/all_new_materials_guitar_pro.htm,All New Materials,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/ji_guitar_pro.htm,Ji,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/buttersnips_guitar_pro.htm,Buttersnips,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/jetpacks_was_yes_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Jetpacks Was Yes,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/erised_guitar_pro.htm,Erised,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/alpha_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/luck_as_a_constant_guitar_pro.htm,Luck As A Constant,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/heavy_hearts_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Hearts,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/insomnia_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Insomnia Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/captain_on_guitar_pro.htm,Captain On,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/a_black_minute_guitar_pro.htm,A Black Minute,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/all_new_materials_solo_guitar_pro.htm,All New Materials Solo,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/light_guitar_pro.htm,Light,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/habitual_line-stepper_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Habitual Line-Stepper,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/eureka_guitar_pro.htm,Eureka,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/four_lights_guitar_pro.htm,Four Lights,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/heavy_heart_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Heart,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/breeze_guitar_pro.htm,Breeze,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/graveless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Graveless,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/epic_fail_guitar_pro.htm,Epic Fail,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/catch_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Catch Fire,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/buttersnips_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Buttersnips Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/22_faces_7_string_guitar_pro.htm,22 Faces 7 String,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/icarus_lives_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Icarus Lives,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/22_faces_guitar_pro.htm,22 Faces,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/frak_the_gods_guitar_pro.htm,Frak The Gods,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/lune_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lune,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/jetpacks_was_yes_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Jetpacks Was Yes Solo,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/have_a_blast_guitar_pro.htm,Have A Blast,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/flatline_guitar_pro.htm,Flatline,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/insomnia_guitar_pro.htm,Insomnia,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/froggin_bullfish_guitar_pro.htm,Froggin Bullfish,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/extraneous_guitar_pro.htm,Extraneous,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/letter_experiment_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Letter Experiment,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/facepalm_mute_guitar_pro.htm,Facepalm Mute,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/make_total_destroy_guitar_pro.htm,Make Total Destroy,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/absolomb_guitar_pro.htm,Absolomb,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/hell_below_guitar_pro.htm,Hell Below,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/all_new_materials_guitar_pro.htm,All New Materials,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/ji_guitar_pro.htm,Ji,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/buttersnips_guitar_pro.htm,Buttersnips,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/jetpacks_was_yes_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Jetpacks Was Yes,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/erised_guitar_pro.htm,Erised,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/alpha_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Alpha,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/luck_as_a_constant_guitar_pro.htm,Luck As A Constant,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/heavy_hearts_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Hearts,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/insomnia_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Insomnia Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/captain_on_guitar_pro.htm,Captain On,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/a_black_minute_guitar_pro.htm,A Black Minute,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/all_new_materials_solo_guitar_pro.htm,All New Materials Solo,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/light_guitar_pro.htm,Light,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/habitual_line-stepper_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Habitual Line-Stepper,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/eureka_guitar_pro.htm,Eureka,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/four_lights_guitar_pro.htm,Four Lights,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/heavy_heart_guitar_pro.htm,Heavy Heart,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/breeze_guitar_pro.htm,Breeze,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/graveless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Graveless,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/epic_fail_guitar_pro.htm,Epic Fail,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/catch_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Catch Fire,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/buttersnips_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Buttersnips Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/22_faces_7_string_guitar_pro.htm,22 Faces 7 String,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/icarus_lives_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Icarus Lives,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/22_faces_guitar_pro.htm,22 Faces,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/frak_the_gods_guitar_pro.htm,Frak The Gods,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/lune_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lune,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/jetpacks_was_yes_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Jetpacks Was Yes Solo,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/have_a_blast_guitar_pro.htm,Have A Blast,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_summer_jam_jake_guitar_pro.htm,The Summer Jam Jake,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/ow_my_feelings_guitar_pro.htm,Ow My Feelings,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/racecar_guitar_pro.htm,Racecar,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/marigold_guitar_pro.htm,Marigold,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/make_total_destroy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Make Total Destroy,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_way_the_news_goes_guitar_pro.htm,The Way The News Goes,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/scarlett_guitar_pro.htm,Scarlett,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/totla_mad_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Totla Mad,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/marigold_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Marigold Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/press_enter_guitar_pro.htm,Press Enter,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_fast_ones_guitar_pro.htm,The Fast Ones,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/remain_indoors_guitar_pro.htm,Remain Indoors,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_walk_guitar_pro.htm,The Walk,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/new_groove_guitar_pro.htm,New Groove,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/overture_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Overture,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/motormouth_guitar_pro.htm,Motormouth,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_scourge_guitar_pro.htm,The Scourge,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_price_is_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,The Price Is Wrong,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/mk_ultra_guitar_pro.htm,Mk Ultra,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/masamune_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Masamune,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/omega_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Omega,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_gods_must_be_crazy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Gods Must Be Crazy,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_parade_of_ashes_spencer_guitar_pro.htm,The Parade Of Ashes Spencer,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/prayer_position_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Prayer Position,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/passenger_guitar_pro.htm,Passenger,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/rainbow_gravity_guitar_pro.htm,Rainbow Gravity,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/priestess_guitar_pro.htm,Priestess,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/ragnarok_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Ragnarok,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/mile_zero_guitar_pro.htm,Mile Zero,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/pyschosphere_guitar_pro.htm,Pyschosphere,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/ow_my_feelings_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Ow My Feelings Intro,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/stranger_things_guitar_pro.htm,Stranger Things,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/muramasa_guitar_pro.htm,Muramasa,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_bad_thing_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Bad Thing,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/pale_aura_guitar_pro.htm,Pale Aura,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/scarlet_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Scarlet,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/pale_aura_mark_guitar_pro.htm,Pale Aura Mark,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/the_summer_jam_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Summer Jam,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/zero_guitar_pro.htm,Zero,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/periphery/zyglrox_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Zyglrox,Periphery
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/fire_water_burn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fire Water Burn,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/balls_out_guitar_pro.htm,Balls Out,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/bad_touch_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Touch,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/along_comes_mary_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Along Comes Mary,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/american_bitches_guitar_pro_1797886id_23122015date.htm,American Bitches,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/foxtrot_uniform_charlie_kilo_ver8_guitar_pro.htm,Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/altogether_ooky_guitar_pro_1042074id_30032011date.htm,Altogether Ooky,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/fire_water_burn_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fire Water Burn,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/balls_out_guitar_pro.htm,Balls Out,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/bad_touch_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Touch,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/along_comes_mary_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Along Comes Mary,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/american_bitches_guitar_pro_1797886id_23122015date.htm,American Bitches,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/foxtrot_uniform_charlie_kilo_ver8_guitar_pro.htm,Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/altogether_ooky_guitar_pro_1042074id_30032011date.htm,Altogether Ooky,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/kiss_me_where_it_smells_funny_guitar_pro.htm,Kiss Me Where It Smells Funny,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/going_nowhere_slow_guitar_pro.htm,Going Nowhere Slow,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/ralph_wiggum_guitar_pro.htm,Ralph Wiggum,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/magna_cum_nada_guitar_pro.htm,Magna Cum Nada,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/im_the_least_you_could_do_ver3_guitar_pro_1026594id_11022011date.htm,Im The Least You Could Do,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/no_hard_feelings_guitar_pro.htm,No Hard Feelings,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/my_dad_says_thats_for_pussies_guitar_pro_1793852id_20122015date.htm,My Dad Says Thats For Pussies,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/uhn_tiss_uhn_tiss_uhn_tiss_guitar_pro.htm,Uhn Tiss Uhn Tiss Uhn Tiss,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/the_roof_is_on_fire_guitar_pro.htm,The Roof Is On Fire,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/three_point_one_four_guitar_pro.htm,Three Point One Four,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/socially_awkward_penguin_guitar_pro_1797328id_21122015date.htm,Socially Awkward Penguin,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bloodhound_gang/the_ballad_of_chasey_lain_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Ballad Of Chasey Lain,Bloodhound Gang
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bleed_the_sky/minion_guitar_pro.htm,Minion,Bleed the Sky
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bleed_the_sky/minion_guitar_pro.htm,Minion,Bleed the Sky
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/dig_a_ditch_guitar_pro.htm,Dig A Ditch,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/versus_guitar_pro.htm,Versus,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/the_other_guitar_pro.htm,The Other,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/jump_ship_guitar_pro.htm,Jump Ship,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/solace_guitar_pro.htm,Solace,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/death_of_a_rockstar_guitar_pro.htm,Death Of A Rockstar,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/hegira_guitar_pro.htm,Hegira,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/gods_amongst_men_guitar_pro.htm,Gods Amongst Men,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/arsenal_guitar_pro.htm,Arsenal,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/terminal_guitar_pro.htm,Terminal,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/feast_or_famine_guitar_pro.htm,Feast Or Famine,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/tractor_pull_guitar_pro.htm,Tractor Pull,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/ataxia_ii_guitar_pro.htm,Ataxia Ii,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/weightless_guitar_pro.htm,Weightless,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/ataxia_guitar_pro.htm,Ataxia,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/feeding_frenzy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Feeding Frenzy,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/dreamland_guitar_pro.htm,Dreamland,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/the_charm_guitar_pro.htm,The Charm,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/calling_card_guitar_pro.htm,Calling Card,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/dig_a_ditch_guitar_pro.htm,Dig A Ditch,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/versus_guitar_pro.htm,Versus,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/the_other_guitar_pro.htm,The Other,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/jump_ship_guitar_pro.htm,Jump Ship,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/solace_guitar_pro.htm,Solace,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/death_of_a_rockstar_guitar_pro.htm,Death Of A Rockstar,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/hegira_guitar_pro.htm,Hegira,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/gods_amongst_men_guitar_pro.htm,Gods Amongst Men,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/arsenal_guitar_pro.htm,Arsenal,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/terminal_guitar_pro.htm,Terminal,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/feast_or_famine_guitar_pro.htm,Feast Or Famine,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/tractor_pull_guitar_pro.htm,Tractor Pull,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/ataxia_ii_guitar_pro.htm,Ataxia Ii,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/weightless_guitar_pro.htm,Weightless,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/ataxia_guitar_pro.htm,Ataxia,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/feeding_frenzy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Feeding Frenzy,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/dreamland_guitar_pro.htm,Dreamland,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/the_charm_guitar_pro.htm,The Charm,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/w/within_the_ruins/calling_card_guitar_pro.htm,Calling Card,Within the Ruins
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/g/gwen_stacy/if_we_live_right_we_cant_die_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,If We Live Right We Cant Die Wrong,Gwen Stacy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/g/gwen_stacy/gone_fishing_see_you_in_a_year_guitar_pro.htm,Gone Fishing See You In A Year,Gwen Stacy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/g/gwen_stacy/if_we_live_right_we_cant_die_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,If We Live Right We Cant Die Wrong,Gwen Stacy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/g/gwen_stacy/gone_fishing_see_you_in_a_year_guitar_pro.htm,Gone Fishing See You In A Year,Gwen Stacy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/all_signs_point_to_lauderdale_guitar_pro.htm,All Signs Point To Lauderdale,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/bad_vibrations_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Vibrations,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/another_song_about_the_weekend_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Another Song About The Weekend Acoustic,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/2nd_sucks_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,2Nd Sucks,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/all_i_want_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,All I Want,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/a_shot_in_the_dark_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Shot In The Dark,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/best_of_me_guitar_pro.htm,Best Of Me,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/1958_guitar_pro.htm,1958,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/all_signs_point_to_lauderdale_guitar_pro.htm,All Signs Point To Lauderdale,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/bad_vibrations_guitar_pro.htm,Bad Vibrations,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/another_song_about_the_weekend_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Another Song About The Weekend Acoustic,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/2nd_sucks_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,2Nd Sucks,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/all_i_want_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,All I Want,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/a_shot_in_the_dark_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Shot In The Dark,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/best_of_me_guitar_pro.htm,Best Of Me,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/1958_guitar_pro.htm,1958,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/danger_in_starting_a_fire_guitar_pro.htm,Danger In Starting A Fire,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/have_faith_in_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Have Faith In Me,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/city_of_ocala_guitar_pro.htm,City Of Ocala,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/exposed_guitar_pro.htm,Exposed,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/better_off_this_way_guitar_pro.htm,Better Off This Way,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/casablanca_sucked_anyways_guitar_pro.htm,Casablanca Sucked Anyways,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/end_of_me_guitar_pro.htm,End Of Me,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/colder_than_my_heart_if_you_can_imagine_guitar_pro.htm,Colder Than My Heart If You Can Imagine,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/dead_and_buried_guitar_pro.htm,Dead And Buried,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/fast_forward_to_2012_guitar_pro.htm,Fast Forward To 2012,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/holdin_it_down_for_the_underground_guitar_pro.htm,Holdin It Down For The Underground,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/homesick_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Homesick,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/heartless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Heartless,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/if_it_means_a_lot_to_you_intro_guitar_pro.htm,If It Means A Lot To You Intro,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/heres_to_the_past_guitar_pro.htm,Heres To The Past,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/i_heard_its_the_softest_thing_ever_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Heard Its The Softest Thing Ever,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/if_it_means_a_lot_to_you_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,If It Means A Lot To You,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/if_i_leave_guitar_pro.htm,If I Leave,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/life_11_guitar_pro.htm,Life 11,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/im_made_of_wax_larry_what_are_you_made_of_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Im Made Of Wax Larry What Are You Made Of,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/my_life_for_hire_guitar_pro.htm,My Life For Hire,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/mr_highways_thinking_about_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Mr Highways Thinking About The End,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/monument_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Monument Acoustic,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/im_already_gone_guitar_pro.htm,Im Already Gone,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/monument_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Monument,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/its_complicated_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Its Complicated,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/show_em_the_ropes_guitar_pro.htm,Show Em The Ropes,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/over_my_head_cable_car_guitar_pro.htm,Over My Head Cable Car,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/nj_legion_iced_tea_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Nj Legion Iced Tea,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/paranoia_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Paranoia,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/right_back_at_it_again_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Right Back At It Again,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/plot_to_bomb_the_panhandle_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Plot To Bomb The Panhandle,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/right_where_you_want_me_to_be_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Right Where You Want Me To Be,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/since_u_been_gone_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Since U Been Gone,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/violence_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Violence,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/speak_of_the_devil_guitar_pro.htm,Speak Of The Devil,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/violence_enough_is_enough_guitar_pro.htm,Violence Enough Is Enough,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/start_the_shooting_guitar_pro.htm,Start The Shooting,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/sticks_and_bricks_guitar_pro.htm,Sticks And Bricks,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/the_danger_in_starting_a_fire_guitar_pro.htm,The Danger In Starting A Fire,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/sometimes_youre_the_hammer_sometimes_youre_the_nail_guitar_pro.htm,Sometimes Youre The Hammer Sometimes Youre The Nail,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/the_downfall_of_us_all_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Downfall Of Us All,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/the_document_speaks_for_itself_guitar_pro.htm,The Document Speaks For Itself,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/sound_the_alarm_guitar_pro.htm,Sound The Alarm,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/this_is_the_house_that_doubt_built_guitar_pro.htm,This Is The House That Doubt Built,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/the_price_we_pay_guitar_pro.htm,The Price We Pay,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/westfall_guitar_pro.htm,Westfall,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/welcome_to_the_family_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Welcome To The Family,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/you_be_tails_ill_be_sonic_guitar_pro.htm,You Be Tails Ill Be Sonic,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/you_already_know_what_you_are_guitar_pro.htm,You Already Know What You Are,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/a_day_to_remember/you_shouldve_killed_me_when_you_had_the_chance_guitar_pro.htm,You Shouldve Killed Me When You Had The Chance,A Day to Remember
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/anatomy_guitar_pro.htm,Anatomy,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/big_wiggly_style_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Big Wiggly Style,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/ben_has_a_kid_guitar_pro.htm,Ben Has A Kid,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/chicago_guitar_pro.htm,Chicago,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dogs_can_grow_beards_all_over_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dead_throne_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Throne,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/alien_guitar_pro.htm,Alien,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/assistant_to_the_regional_manager_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Assistant To The Regional Manager,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dont_dink_and_drance_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Dink And Drance,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dez_moines_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dez Moines,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/born_to_lose_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Born To Lose,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/constance_guitar_pro.htm,Constance,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/danger_wildman_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Danger Wildman,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/anatomy_guitar_pro.htm,Anatomy,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/big_wiggly_style_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Big Wiggly Style,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/ben_has_a_kid_guitar_pro.htm,Ben Has A Kid,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/chicago_guitar_pro.htm,Chicago,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dogs_can_grow_beards_all_over_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dead_throne_guitar_pro.htm,Dead Throne,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/alien_guitar_pro.htm,Alien,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/assistant_to_the_regional_manager_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Assistant To The Regional Manager,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dont_dink_and_drance_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Dink And Drance,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/dez_moines_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dez Moines,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/born_to_lose_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Born To Lose,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/constance_guitar_pro.htm,Constance,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/danger_wildman_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Danger Wildman,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/gloom_guitar_pro.htm,Gloom,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/louder_than_thunder_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Louder Than Thunder,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/gauntlet_of_solitude_guitar_pro.htm,Gauntlet Of Solitude,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/forever_decay_guitar_pro.htm,Forever Decay,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/kansas_guitar_pro.htm,Kansas,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/i_hate_buffering_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,I Hate Buffering,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/goats_on_a_boat_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goats On A Boat,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/hey_john_whats_your_name_again_guitar_pro.htm,Hey John Whats Your Name Again,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/lord_xenu_guitar_pro.htm,Lord Xenu,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/html_rulez_d00d_guitar_pro.htm,Html Rulez D00D,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/escape_guitar_pro.htm,Escape,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/mammoth_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Mammoth,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/gimme_half_guitar_pro.htm,Gimme Half,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/first_sight_guitar_pro.htm,First Sight,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/texas_is_south_guitar_pro.htm,Texas Is South,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/my_questions_guitar_pro.htm,My Questions,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/swords_dragons_and_diet_coke_guitar_pro.htm,Swords Dragons And Diet Coke,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/this_song_is_called_guitar_pro.htm,This Song Is Called,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/supernova_guitar_pro.htm,Supernova,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/still_fly_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Still Fly,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/revive_guitar_pro.htm,Revive,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/reptar_king_of_the_ozone_guitar_pro.htm,Reptar King Of The Ozone,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/planet_a_guitar_pro.htm,Planet A,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/to_the_key_of_evergreen_guitar_pro.htm,To The Key Of Evergreen,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/sailors_prayer_guitar_pro.htm,Sailors Prayer,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/moongod_guitar_pro.htm,Moongod,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/sassafras_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Sassafras,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/modeify_the_pronunciation_guitar_pro.htm,Modeify The Pronunciation,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/outnumbered_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Outnumbered,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/transit_blues_guitar_pro.htm,Transit Blues,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/vengeance_guitar_pro.htm,Vengeance,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_devil_wears_prada/wapakalypse_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Wapakalypse,The Devil Wears Prada
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/alone_guitar_pro_943359id_26042010date.htm,Alone,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/all_these_things_i_hate_revolve_around_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,All These Things I Hate Revolve Around Me,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/10_years_today_guitar_pro.htm,10 Years Today,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/a_place_where_you_belong_guitar_pro_946997id_06052010date.htm,A Place Where You Belong,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/alone_guitar_pro_943359id_26042010date.htm,Alone,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/all_these_things_i_hate_revolve_around_me_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,All These Things I Hate Revolve Around Me,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/10_years_today_guitar_pro.htm,10 Years Today,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/a_place_where_you_belong_guitar_pro_946997id_06052010date.htm,A Place Where You Belong,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/bittersweet_memories_guitar_pro_946838id_06052010date.htm,Bittersweet Memories,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/dead_to_the_world_guitar_pro_1227501id_04032013date.htm,Dead To The World,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/crazy_train_intro_guitar_pro_822594id_11052009date.htm,Crazy Train Intro,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/curses_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Curses,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/cries_in_vain_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Cries In Vain,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/breaking_point_guitar_pro_1216746id_15022013date.htm,Breaking Point,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/army_of_noise_ver2_guitar_pro_1756181id_30072015date.htm,Army Of Noise,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/ashes_of_the_innocent_guitar_pro.htm,Ashes Of The Innocent,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/breaking_out_breaking_down_guitar_pro_960953id_21062010date.htm,Breaking Out Breaking Down,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/broken_guitar_pro_1762344id_26082015date.htm,Broken,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/deliver_us_from_evil_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Deliver Us From Evil,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/begging_for_mercy_ver2_guitar_pro_924186id_22022010date.htm,Begging For Mercy,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/dignity_ver2_guitar_pro_956743id_07062010date.htm,Dignity,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/dirty_little_secret_guitar_pro_1215736id_11022013date.htm,Dirty Little Secret,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/eye_of_the_storm_ver2_guitar_pro_921137id_12022010date.htm,Eye Of The Storm,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/dont_need_you_ver3_guitar_pro_1901831id_07112016date.htm,Dont Need You,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/four_words_to_choke_upon_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Four Words To Choke Upon,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/fever_ver2_guitar_pro_944679id_29042010date.htm,Fever,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/end_of_days_guitar_pro.htm,End Of Days,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/disappear_ver3_guitar_pro_928545id_09032010date.htm,Disappear,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/forever_and_always_guitar_pro.htm,Forever And Always,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/hit_the_floor_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hit The Floor,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/her_voice_resides_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Her Voice Resides,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/hand_of_blood_ver9_guitar_pro.htm,Hand Of Blood,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/hearts_burst_into_fire_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hearts Burst Into Fire,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/hell_or_high_water_ver2_guitar_pro_1777873id_02112015date.htm,Hell Or High Water,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/my_fist_your_mouth_her_scars_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,My Fist Your Mouth Her Scars,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/livin_life_on_the_edge_of_a_knife_guitar_pro_1235251id_08042013date.htm,Livin Life On The Edge Of A Knife,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/no_easy_way_out_guitar_pro_838394id_18062009date.htm,No Easy Way Out,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/last_to_know_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Last To Know Intro,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/just_another_star_guitar_pro.htm,Just Another Star,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/no_way_out_guitar_pro_1738250id_18052015date.htm,No Way Out,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/intro_guitar_pro.htm,Intro,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/no_control_guitar_pro.htm,No Control,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/not_invincible_guitar_pro_1228266id_06032013date.htm,Not Invincible,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/leech_guitar_pro_1218451id_22022013date.htm,Leech,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/one_good_reason_why_guitar_pro_810631id_08042009date.htm,One Good Reason Why,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/say_goodbye_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Say Goodbye Acoustic,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/raising_hell_ver2_guitar_pro_1442865id_25112013date.htm,Raising Hell,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/room_409_ver4_guitar_pro_1025891id_01022011date.htm,Room 409,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/pow_ver2_guitar_pro_1228150id_06032013date.htm,Pow,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/pretty_on_the_outside_ver3_guitar_pro_944048id_26042010date.htm,Pretty On The Outside,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/run_for_your_life_guitar_pro_1762620id_27082015date.htm,Run For Your Life,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/pariah_guitar_pro_1761025id_20082015date.htm,Pariah,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/playing_god_guitar_pro_1759031id_12082015date.htm,Playing God,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/road_to_nowhere_ver2_guitar_pro_774968id_22012009date.htm,Road To Nowhere,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/pleasure_and_pain_guitar_pro_943283id_26042010date.htm,Pleasure And Pain,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/seven_days_guitar_pro.htm,Seven Days,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/suffocating_under_the_words_of_sorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocating Under The Words Of Sorrow,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/say_goodnight_guitar_pro.htm,Say Goodnight,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/say_goodnight_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Say Goodnight Acoustic,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/suffocating_under_words_of_sorrow_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocating Under Words Of Sorrow,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/scream_aim_fire_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Scream Aim Fire Intro,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/scream_aim_fire_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Scream Aim Fire,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/suffocating_under_words_of_sorrow_what_can_i_do_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Suffocating Under Words Of Sorrow What Can I Do,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/skin_guitar_pro_1765232id_07092015date.htm,Skin,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/spit_you_out_guitar_pro.htm,Spit You Out,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/tears_dont_fall_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Tears Dont Fall Acoustic,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_end_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The End,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_harder_the_heart_the_harder_it_breaks_ver3_guitar_pro_1765664id_09092015date.htm,The Harder The Heart The Harder It Breaks,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/take_it_out_on_me_guitar_pro.htm,Take It Out On Me,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/tears_dont_fall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Tears Dont Fall,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/tears_dont_fall_part_2_ver3_guitar_pro_1227507id_04032013date.htm,Tears Dont Fall Part 2,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_last_fight_solo_guitar_pro_930468id_15032010date.htm,The Last Fight Solo,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/turn_to_despair_guitar_pro.htm,Turn To Despair,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/waking_the_demon_guitar_pro.htm,Waking The Demon,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/truth_hurts_guitar_pro_1215839id_12022013date.htm,Truth Hurts,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_last_fight_guitar_pro_932609id_22032010date.htm,The Last Fight,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_poison_guitar_pro.htm,The Poison,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/this_last_fight_solo_guitar_pro_1448285id_16122013date.htm,This Last Fight Solo,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/venom_guitar_pro_1765235id_06092015date.htm,Venom,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/the_last_fight_accoustic_guitar_pro_1196266id_21112012date.htm,The Last Fight Accoustic,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/witchcraft_acoustic_ver2_guitar_pro_978955id_17082010date.htm,Witchcraft,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/watching_us_die_tonight_ver2_guitar_pro_813045id_14042009date.htm,Watching Us Die Tonight,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/witchcraft_acoustic_guitar_pro_973905id_02082010date.htm,Witchcraft Acoustic,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/worthless_ver2_guitar_pro_1815312id_15022016date.htm,Worthless,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/you_want_a_battle_heres_a_war_ver2_guitar_pro_1747771id_30062015date.htm,You Want A Battle Heres A War,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bullet_for_my_valentine/your_betrayal_ver2_guitar_pro_930471id_15032010date.htm,Your Betrayal,Bullet for my Valentine
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/cant_wait_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Cant Wait Intro,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/story_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Story,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/book_guitar_pro.htm,Book,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/breathe_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/but_guitar_pro.htm,But,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/knot_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Knot,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/fall_guitar_pro.htm,Fall,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/dust_guitar_pro.htm,Dust,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/frosting_guitar_pro.htm,Frosting,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/cant_wait_guitar_pro.htm,Cant Wait,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/sleepy_tea_guitar_pro.htm,Sleepy Tea,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/og_guitar_pro.htm,Og,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/the_perfect_pillow_guitar_pro.htm,The Perfect Pillow,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/bubble_dream_guitar_pro.htm,Bubble Dream,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/dew_guitar_pro.htm,Dew,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/super_potion_guitar_pro.htm,Super Potion,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/suda_guitar_pro.htm,Suda,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/ecco_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Ecco Solo,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/fluffy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fluffy,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/elliptical_illuminations_guitar_pro.htm,Elliptical Illuminations,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/splash_guitar_pro.htm,Splash,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/puddle_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Puddle,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/cant_wait_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Cant Wait Intro,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/story_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Story,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/book_guitar_pro.htm,Book,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/breathe_guitar_pro.htm,Breathe,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/but_guitar_pro.htm,But,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/knot_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Knot,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/fall_guitar_pro.htm,Fall,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/dust_guitar_pro.htm,Dust,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/frosting_guitar_pro.htm,Frosting,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/cant_wait_guitar_pro.htm,Cant Wait,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/sleepy_tea_guitar_pro.htm,Sleepy Tea,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/og_guitar_pro.htm,Og,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/the_perfect_pillow_guitar_pro.htm,The Perfect Pillow,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/bubble_dream_guitar_pro.htm,Bubble Dream,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/dew_guitar_pro.htm,Dew,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/super_potion_guitar_pro.htm,Super Potion,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/suda_guitar_pro.htm,Suda,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/ecco_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Ecco Solo,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/fluffy_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Fluffy,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/elliptical_illuminations_guitar_pro.htm,Elliptical Illuminations,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/splash_guitar_pro.htm,Splash,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/chon/puddle_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Puddle,CHON
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/coc_guitar_pro.htm,Coc,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/filth_guitar_pro.htm,Filth,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/the_inception_guitar_pro.htm,The Inception,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/color_lines_guitar_pro.htm,Color Lines,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/coc_guitar_pro.htm,Coc,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/filth_guitar_pro.htm,Filth,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/the_inception_guitar_pro.htm,The Inception,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/circle_of_contempt/color_lines_guitar_pro.htm,Color Lines,Circle of Contempt
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_price_of_everything_and_the_value_of_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,The Price Of Everything And The Value Of Nothing,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/apeirophobia_guitar_pro.htm,Apeirophobia,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_future_that_awaited_me_guitar_pro.htm,The Future That Awaited Me,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/soraya_guitar_pro.htm,Soraya,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/inamorata_guitar_pro.htm,Inamorata,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/air_chrysalis_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Air Chrysalis Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/odessa_guitar_pro.htm,Odessa,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/an_infinite_regression_intro_guitar_pro.htm,An Infinite Regression Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/behaving_badly_guitar_pro.htm,Behaving Badly,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/air_chrysalis_guitar_pro.htm,Air Chrysalis,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/mind_spun_guitar_pro.htm,Mind Spun,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/para_mexer_guitar_pro.htm,Para Mexer,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/lippincott_guitar_pro.htm,Lippincott,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_brain_dance_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Brain Dance Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tempting_time_guitar_pro.htm,Tempting Time,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/earth_departure_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Earth Departure,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/song_of_solomon_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Song Of Solomon Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/song_of_solomon_guitar_pro.htm,Song Of Solomon,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/an_infinite_regression_guitar_pro.htm,An Infinite Regression,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/cylindrical_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Cylindrical Sea,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/nephele_guitar_pro.htm,Nephele,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/david_guitar_pro.htm,David,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/another_year_guitar_pro.htm,Another Year,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/isolated_incidents_guitar_pro.htm,Isolated Incidents,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/optimist_guitar_pro.htm,Optimist,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/on_impulse_intro_guitar_pro.htm,On Impulse Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tessitura_guitar_pro.htm,Tessitura,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/new_eden_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,New Eden,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/physical_education_guitar_pro.htm,Physical Education,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/nephele_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Nephele Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/on_impulse_guitar_pro.htm,On Impulse,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/new_eden_intro_guitar_pro.htm,New Eden Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/modern_meat_guitar_pro.htm,Modern Meat,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/cafo_guitar_pro.htm,Cafo,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_woven_web_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Woven Web,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/somnarium_guitar_pro.htm,Somnarium,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/crescent_guitar_pro.htm,Crescent,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/kascade_guitar_pro.htm,Kascade,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/do_not_go_gently_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Do Not Go Gently,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/point_to_point_guitar_pro.htm,Point To Point,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_price_of_everything_and_the_value_of_nothing_guitar_pro.htm,The Price Of Everything And The Value Of Nothing,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/apeirophobia_guitar_pro.htm,Apeirophobia,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_future_that_awaited_me_guitar_pro.htm,The Future That Awaited Me,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/soraya_guitar_pro.htm,Soraya,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/inamorata_guitar_pro.htm,Inamorata,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/air_chrysalis_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Air Chrysalis Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/odessa_guitar_pro.htm,Odessa,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/an_infinite_regression_intro_guitar_pro.htm,An Infinite Regression Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/behaving_badly_guitar_pro.htm,Behaving Badly,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/air_chrysalis_guitar_pro.htm,Air Chrysalis,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/mind_spun_guitar_pro.htm,Mind Spun,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/para_mexer_guitar_pro.htm,Para Mexer,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/lippincott_guitar_pro.htm,Lippincott,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_brain_dance_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Brain Dance Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tempting_time_guitar_pro.htm,Tempting Time,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/earth_departure_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Earth Departure,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/song_of_solomon_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Song Of Solomon Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/song_of_solomon_guitar_pro.htm,Song Of Solomon,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/an_infinite_regression_guitar_pro.htm,An Infinite Regression,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/cylindrical_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Cylindrical Sea,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/nephele_guitar_pro.htm,Nephele,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/david_guitar_pro.htm,David,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/another_year_guitar_pro.htm,Another Year,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/isolated_incidents_guitar_pro.htm,Isolated Incidents,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/optimist_guitar_pro.htm,Optimist,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/on_impulse_intro_guitar_pro.htm,On Impulse Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tessitura_guitar_pro.htm,Tessitura,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/new_eden_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,New Eden,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/physical_education_guitar_pro.htm,Physical Education,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/nephele_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Nephele Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/on_impulse_guitar_pro.htm,On Impulse,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/new_eden_intro_guitar_pro.htm,New Eden Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/modern_meat_guitar_pro.htm,Modern Meat,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/cafo_guitar_pro.htm,Cafo,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_woven_web_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Woven Web,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/somnarium_guitar_pro.htm,Somnarium,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/crescent_guitar_pro.htm,Crescent,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/kascade_guitar_pro.htm,Kascade,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/do_not_go_gently_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Do Not Go Gently,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/point_to_point_guitar_pro.htm,Point To Point,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tosin_short_7_6_string_arp_lesson_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Tosin Short 7 6 String Arp Lesson Solo,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tooth_and_claw_guitar_pro.htm,Tooth And Claw,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/weightless_guitar_pro.htm,Weightless,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/tosin_new_technique_guitar_pro.htm,Tosin New Technique,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/wave_of_babies_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Wave Of Babies Intro,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/the_woven_web_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,The Woven Web,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/thoroughly_at_home_guitar_pro.htm,Thoroughly At Home,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/animals_as_leaders/wave_of_babies_guitar_pro.htm,Wave Of Babies,Animals as Leaders
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/miles_away_guitar_pro.htm,Miles Away,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/legacy_guitar_pro.htm,Legacy,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/stay_the_course_guitar_pro.htm,Stay The Course,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/prove_me_right_guitar_pro.htm,Prove Me Right,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/ghost_in_the_mirror_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost In The Mirror,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/the_abandoned_guitar_pro.htm,The Abandoned,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/no_ordinary_love_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,No Ordinary Love Acoustic,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/sleepless_nights_guitar_pro.htm,Sleepless Nights,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/alive_in_the_light_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Alive In The Light,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/no_ordinary_love_guitar_pro.htm,No Ordinary Love,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/miles_away_guitar_pro.htm,Miles Away,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/legacy_guitar_pro.htm,Legacy,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/stay_the_course_guitar_pro.htm,Stay The Course,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/prove_me_right_guitar_pro.htm,Prove Me Right,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/ghost_in_the_mirror_guitar_pro.htm,Ghost In The Mirror,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/the_abandoned_guitar_pro.htm,The Abandoned,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/no_ordinary_love_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,No Ordinary Love Acoustic,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/sleepless_nights_guitar_pro.htm,Sleepless Nights,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/alive_in_the_light_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Alive In The Light,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/no_ordinary_love_guitar_pro.htm,No Ordinary Love,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/the_sinner_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Sinner,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/without_walls_guitar_pro.htm,Without Walls,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/the_reality_guitar_pro.htm,The Reality,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/memphis_may_fire/vices_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Vices,Memphis May Fire
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/promises_guitar_pro.htm,Promises,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/embrace_the_curse_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace The Curse,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/eradication_guitar_pro.htm,Eradication,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/never_again_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Never Again,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/black_gold_reign_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Black Gold Reign,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/greyson_guitar_pro.htm,Greyson,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/from_so_far_away_intro_guitar_pro.htm,From So Far Away Intro,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/laid_to_rest_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Laid To Rest,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/day_of_justice_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Justice,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/stabbing_to_purge_dissimulation_guitar_pro.htm,Stabbing To Purge Dissimulation,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/memories_of_a_glass_sanctuary_guitar_pro.htm,Memories Of A Glass Sanctuary,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/awaken_the_dreamers_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Awaken The Dreamers,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/better_living_through_catastrophe_guitar_pro.htm,Better Living Through Catastrophe,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/deconstruction_guitar_pro.htm,Deconstruction,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/prisoner_of_war_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Prisoner Of War,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/sever_the_memory_guitar_pro.htm,Sever The Memory,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/from_so_far_away_guitar_pro.htm,From So Far Away,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/divine_illusion_guitar_pro.htm,Divine Illusion,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/promises_guitar_pro.htm,Promises,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/embrace_the_curse_guitar_pro.htm,Embrace The Curse,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/eradication_guitar_pro.htm,Eradication,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/never_again_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Never Again,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/black_gold_reign_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Black Gold Reign,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/greyson_guitar_pro.htm,Greyson,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/from_so_far_away_intro_guitar_pro.htm,From So Far Away Intro,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/laid_to_rest_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Laid To Rest,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/day_of_justice_guitar_pro.htm,Day Of Justice,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/stabbing_to_purge_dissimulation_guitar_pro.htm,Stabbing To Purge Dissimulation,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/memories_of_a_glass_sanctuary_guitar_pro.htm,Memories Of A Glass Sanctuary,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/awaken_the_dreamers_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Awaken The Dreamers,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/better_living_through_catastrophe_guitar_pro.htm,Better Living Through Catastrophe,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/deconstruction_guitar_pro.htm,Deconstruction,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/prisoner_of_war_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Prisoner Of War,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/sever_the_memory_guitar_pro.htm,Sever The Memory,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/from_so_far_away_guitar_pro.htm,From So Far Away,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/divine_illusion_guitar_pro.htm,Divine Illusion,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/the_past_will_haunt_us_both_guitar_pro.htm,The Past Will Haunt Us Both,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/we_hold_these_truths_guitar_pro.htm,We Hold These Truths,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/when_life_meant_more_guitar_pro.htm,When Life Meant More,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/there_is_no_business_to_be_done_on_a_dead_planet_guitar_pro.htm,There Is No Business To Be Done On A Dead Planet,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/there_is_nothing_left_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,There Is Nothing Left,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/the_ones_we_left_behind_intro_guitar_pro.htm,The Ones We Left Behind Intro,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/the_last_relapse_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Last Relapse,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/the_true_beast_guitar_pro.htm,The True Beast,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/all_shall_perish/wage_slaves_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Wage Slaves,All Shall Perish
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/the_tempest_the_sirens_song_the_banshees_cry_guitar_pro.htm,The Tempest The Sirens Song The Banshees Cry,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/and_their_eulogies_sang_me_to_sleep_guitar_pro.htm,And Their Eulogies Sang Me To Sleep,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/panophobia_guitar_pro.htm,Panophobia,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/business_suits_and_combat_boots_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Business Suits And Combat Boots,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/rise_and_fall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rise And Fall,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/serendipity_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Serendipity Intro,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/waiting_out_the_winter_guitar_pro.htm,Waiting Out The Winter,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/martyr_art_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Martyr Art Intro,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/serendipity_guitar_pro.htm,Serendipity,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/memento_mori_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Memento Mori,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/thank_you_pain_guitar_pro.htm,Thank You Pain,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/take_a_bow_guitar_pro.htm,Take A Bow,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/the_tempest_the_sirens_song_the_banshees_cry_guitar_pro.htm,The Tempest The Sirens Song The Banshees Cry,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/and_their_eulogies_sang_me_to_sleep_guitar_pro.htm,And Their Eulogies Sang Me To Sleep,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/panophobia_guitar_pro.htm,Panophobia,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/business_suits_and_combat_boots_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Business Suits And Combat Boots,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/rise_and_fall_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rise And Fall,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/serendipity_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Serendipity Intro,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/waiting_out_the_winter_guitar_pro.htm,Waiting Out The Winter,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/martyr_art_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Martyr Art Intro,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/serendipity_guitar_pro.htm,Serendipity,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/memento_mori_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Memento Mori,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/thank_you_pain_guitar_pro.htm,Thank You Pain,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_agonist/take_a_bow_guitar_pro.htm,Take A Bow,The Agonist
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/congratulations_guitar_pro.htm,Congratulations,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/if_im_james_dean_then_youre_audrey_hepburn_guitar_pro.htm,If Im James Dean Then Youre Audrey Hepburn,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/all_my_heart_guitar_pro.htm,All My Heart,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/dance_party_guitar_pro.htm,Dance Party,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/do_it_now_remember_it_later_guitar_pro.htm,Do It Now Remember It Later,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/congratulations_guitar_pro.htm,Congratulations,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/if_im_james_dean_then_youre_audrey_hepburn_guitar_pro.htm,If Im James Dean Then Youre Audrey Hepburn,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/all_my_heart_guitar_pro.htm,All My Heart,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/dance_party_guitar_pro.htm,Dance Party,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/do_it_now_remember_it_later_guitar_pro.htm,Do It Now Remember It Later,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/if_im_james_dean_youre_audrey_hepburn_acoustic_version_guitar_pro.htm,If Im James Dean Youre Audrey Hepburn Acoustic Version,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/if_im_james_dean_youre_audrey_hepburn_guitar_pro.htm,If Im James Dean Youre Audrey Hepburn,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/if_you_cant_hang_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,If You Cant Hang,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/roger_rabbit_guitar_pro.htm,Roger Rabbit,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/who_are_you_now_guitar_pro.htm,Who Are You Now,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/with_ears_to_see_and_eyes_to_hear_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,With Ears To See And Eyes To Hear,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/the_left_side_of_everywhere_guitar_pro.htm,The Left Side Of Everywhere,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/sleeping_with_sirens/the_bomb_dot_com_v_2_0_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Bomb Dot Com V 2 0,Sleeping with Sirens
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/announcement_service_public_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Announcement Service Public,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/a_place_for_my_head_live_guitar_pro.htm,A Place For My Head Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/a_place_for_my_head_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Place For My Head,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/across_the_line_guitar_pro.htm,Across The Line,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/announcement_service_public_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Announcement Service Public,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/a_place_for_my_head_live_guitar_pro.htm,A Place For My Head Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/a_place_for_my_head_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,A Place For My Head,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/across_the_line_guitar_pro.htm,Across The Line,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/blackbirds_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blackbirds,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/breaking_the_habit_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Breaking The Habit,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/bleed_it_out_guitar_pro.htm,Bleed It Out,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/burn_it_down_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Burn It Down,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/blackout_guitar_pro.htm,Blackout,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/by_myself_guitar_pro.htm,By Myself,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/by_myself_live_intro_guitar_pro.htm,By Myself Live Intro,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/crawling_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Crawling Acoustic,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/crawling_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Crawling,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/castle_of_glass_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Castle Of Glass,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/burning_in_the_skies_guitar_pro.htm,Burning In The Skies,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/dirt_off_your_shoulder_lying_from_you_guitar_pro.htm,Dirt Off Your Shoulder Lying From You,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/figure09_guitar_pro.htm,Figure09,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/figure_guitar_pro.htm,Figure,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/faint_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Faint,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/faint_live_guitar_pro.htm,Faint Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/figure_09_live_guitar_pro.htm,Figure 09 Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/easier_to_run_guitar_pro.htm,Easier To Run,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/cure_for_the_itch_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Cure For The Itch,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/dont_stay_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,Dont Stay,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/given_up_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Given Up,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/guilty_all_the_same_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Guilty All The Same,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/final_masquerade_guitar_pro.htm,Final Masquerade,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/from_the_inside_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,From The Inside,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/forgotten_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Forgotten,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/frgt_10_guitar_pro.htm,Frgt 10,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/in_between_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In Between,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/guilty_all_the_same_ver6_guitar_pro.htm,Guilty All The Same,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/in_my_remains_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,In My Remains,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/hands_held_high_guitar_pro.htm,Hands Held High,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/in_pieces_guitar_pro.htm,In Pieces,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/high_voltage_guitar_pro.htm,High Voltage,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/hit_the_floor_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Hit The Floor,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/in_the_end_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,In The End,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/iridescent_guitar_pro.htm,Iridescent,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/leave_out_all_the_rest_guitar_pro.htm,Leave Out All The Rest,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/krwlng_guitar_pro.htm,Krwlng,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/keys_to_the_kingdom_guitar_pro.htm,Keys To The Kingdom,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/in_pieces_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,In Pieces,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/its_going_down_guitar_pro.htm,Its Going Down,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/lies_greed_misery_guitar_pro.htm,Lies Greed Misery,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/my_december_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,My December,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/little_boxes_guitar_pro.htm,Little Boxes,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/lockjaw_guitar_pro.htm,Lockjaw,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/my_dsmbr_guitar_pro.htm,My Dsmbr,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/lost_in_the_echo_guitar_pro.htm,Lost In The Echo,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/lying_from_you_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Lying From You,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/little_things_give_you_away_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Little Things Give You Away,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/meteora_part_1_guitar_pro.htm,Meteora Part 1,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/no_more_sorrow_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,No More Sorrow,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/new_divide_intro_guitar_pro.htm,New Divide Intro,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/nobodys_listening_guitar_pro.htm,Nobodys Listening,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/no_roads_left_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,No Roads Left,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/new_divide_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,New Divide,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/numb_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Numb Acoustic,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/one_step_closer_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,One Step Closer,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/p5hng_me_a_wy_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,P5Hng Me A Wy,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/numb_guitar_pro.htm,Numb,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/points_of_authority_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Points Of Authority,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/qwerty_guitar_pro.htm,Qwerty,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/pushing_me_away_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Pushing Me Away,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/pushing_me_away_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Pushing Me Away Acoustic,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/papercut_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Papercut,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/part_of_me_guitar_pro.htm,Part Of Me,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/pretend_to_be_guitar_pro.htm,Pretend To Be,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/roads_untraveled_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Roads Untraveled,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/shadow_of_the_day_guitar_pro.htm,Shadow Of The Day,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/rebellion_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Rebellion,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/qwerty_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Qwerty,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/session_guitar_pro.htm,Session,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/runaway_guitar_pro.htm,Runaway,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/the_catalyst_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Catalyst,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/the_messenger_guitar_pro.htm,The Messenger,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/step_up_guitar_pro.htm,Step Up,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/somewhere_i_belong_guitar_pro.htm,Somewhere I Belong,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/what_ive_done_ver5_guitar_pro.htm,What Ive Done,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/valentines_day_guitar_pro.htm,Valentines Day,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/wake_guitar_pro.htm,Wake,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/waiting_for_the_end_guitar_pro.htm,Waiting For The End,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/we_made_it_guitar_pro.htm,We Made It,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/war_guitar_pro.htm,War,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/what_ive_done_ver10_guitar_pro.htm,What Ive Done,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/wish_live_guitar_pro.htm,Wish Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/with_you_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,With You,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/wretches_and_kings_guitar_pro.htm,Wretches And Kings,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/l/linkin_park/with_you_live_guitar_pro.htm,With You Live,Linkin Park
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/actias_luna_guitar_pro.htm,Actias Luna,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/translucence_guitar_pro.htm,Translucence,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/an_artifact_guitar_pro.htm,An Artifact,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/and_found_solo_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,And Found,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/autumnus_guitar_pro.htm,Autumnus,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/actias_luna_guitar_pro.htm,Actias Luna,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/translucence_guitar_pro.htm,Translucence,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/an_artifact_guitar_pro.htm,An Artifact,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/and_found_solo_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,And Found,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/reflections/autumnus_guitar_pro.htm,Autumnus,Reflections
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/fit_for_a_king/bitter_end_guitar_pro.htm,Bitter End,Fit for a King
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/fit_for_a_king/bitter_end_guitar_pro.htm,Bitter End,Fit for a King
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/dagger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dagger,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/all_these_feelings_ending_guitar_pro.htm,All These Feelings Ending,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/benblast_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benblast,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/deceit_guitar_pro.htm,Deceit,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/shiver_guitar_pro.htm,Shiver,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/dagger_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Dagger Intro,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/masstadens_nationalsang_guitar_pro.htm,Masstadens Nationalsang,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/traces_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Traces,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/dagger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dagger,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/all_these_feelings_ending_guitar_pro.htm,All These Feelings Ending,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/benblast_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Benblast,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/deceit_guitar_pro.htm,Deceit,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/shiver_guitar_pro.htm,Shiver,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/dagger_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Dagger Intro,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/masstadens_nationalsang_guitar_pro.htm,Masstadens Nationalsang,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/v/vildhjarta/traces_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Traces,Vildhjarta
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/thought_guitar_pro.htm,Thought,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/fragments_guitar_pro.htm,Fragments,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/omni_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Omni Intro,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/thought_guitar_pro.htm,Thought,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/fragments_guitar_pro.htm,Fragments,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jason_richardson/omni_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Omni Intro,Jason Richardson
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/when_all_is_said_and_done_guitar_pro.htm,When All Is Said And Done,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/afterlife_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/through_my_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Through My Eyes,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/beyond_recognition_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond Recognition,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/to_remember_guitar_pro.htm,To Remember,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/severed_guitar_pro.htm,Severed,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/as_i_destruct_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,As I Destruct,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/buried_alive_guitar_pro.htm,Buried Alive,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/united_we_stand_guitar_pro.htm,United We Stand,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/counterbalance_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Counterbalance,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/haunting_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Haunting,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/now_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Now,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/in_repair_guitar_pro.htm,In Repair,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/lost_guitar_pro.htm,Lost,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/seeing_red_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Seeing Red,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/faceless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Faceless,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/escape_from_reality_guitar_pro.htm,Escape From Reality,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/rational_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Rational Eyes,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/inane_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Inane,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/uncensored_guitar_pro.htm,Uncensored,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/a_new_beginning_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A New Beginning,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/one_last_breath_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,One Last Breath,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/when_all_is_said_and_done_guitar_pro.htm,When All Is Said And Done,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/afterlife_guitar_pro.htm,Afterlife,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/through_my_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Through My Eyes,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/beyond_recognition_guitar_pro.htm,Beyond Recognition,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/to_remember_guitar_pro.htm,To Remember,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/severed_guitar_pro.htm,Severed,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/as_i_destruct_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,As I Destruct,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/buried_alive_guitar_pro.htm,Buried Alive,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/united_we_stand_guitar_pro.htm,United We Stand,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/counterbalance_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Counterbalance,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/haunting_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Haunting,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/now_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Now,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/in_repair_guitar_pro.htm,In Repair,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/lost_guitar_pro.htm,Lost,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/seeing_red_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Seeing Red,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/faceless_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Faceless,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/escape_from_reality_guitar_pro.htm,Escape From Reality,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/rational_eyes_guitar_pro.htm,Rational Eyes,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/inane_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Inane,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/uncensored_guitar_pro.htm,Uncensored,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/a_new_beginning_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A New Beginning,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/threat_signal/one_last_breath_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,One Last Breath,Threat Signal
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/animal_bones_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Animal Bones,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/hair_trigger_guitar_pro.htm,Hair Trigger,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/cest_la_vie_guitar_pro.htm,Cest La Vie,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/blindfolds_aside_acoustic_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Blindfolds Aside Acoustic Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/drumhead_trial_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Drumhead Trial,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_bound_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Bound Intro,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/heretics_and_killers_guitar_pro.htm,Heretics And Killers,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/blindfolds_aside_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blindfolds Aside,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/hair-trigger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hair-Trigger,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bone_marrow_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bone Marrow,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_gagged_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Gagged,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/a_plateful_of_our_dead_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Plateful Of Our Dead Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/cold_water_guitar_pro.htm,Cold Water,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_bound_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Bound,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/dunsel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dunsel,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bury_the_hatchet_guitar_pro.htm,Bury The Hatchet,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bury_the_hachet_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Bury The Hachet Intro,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/divinity_within_guitar_pro.htm,Divinity Within,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bloodmeat_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodmeat,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/clarity_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/clarity_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/a_life_embossed_guitar_pro.htm,A Life Embossed,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/animal_bones_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Animal Bones,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/hair_trigger_guitar_pro.htm,Hair Trigger,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/cest_la_vie_guitar_pro.htm,Cest La Vie,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/blindfolds_aside_acoustic_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Blindfolds Aside Acoustic Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/drumhead_trial_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Drumhead Trial,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_bound_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Bound Intro,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/heretics_and_killers_guitar_pro.htm,Heretics And Killers,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/blindfolds_aside_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Blindfolds Aside,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/hair-trigger_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Hair-Trigger,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bone_marrow_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Bone Marrow,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_gagged_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Gagged,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/a_plateful_of_our_dead_solo_guitar_pro.htm,A Plateful Of Our Dead Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/cold_water_guitar_pro.htm,Cold Water,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/goddess_bound_guitar_pro.htm,Goddess Bound,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/dunsel_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Dunsel,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bury_the_hatchet_guitar_pro.htm,Bury The Hatchet,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bury_the_hachet_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Bury The Hachet Intro,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/divinity_within_guitar_pro.htm,Divinity Within,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/bloodmeat_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Bloodmeat,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/clarity_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/clarity_solo_guitar_pro.htm,Clarity Solo,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/a_life_embossed_guitar_pro.htm,A Life Embossed,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/termites_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Termites,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/sequoia_throne_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Sequoia Throne,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/led_astray_guitar_pro.htm,Led Astray,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/tapestry_guitar_pro.htm,Tapestry,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/spoils_guitar_pro.htm,Spoils,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/she_who_mars_the_skin_of_gods_guitar_pro.htm,She Who Mars The Skin Of Gods,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/moonlight_guitar_pro.htm,Moonlight,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/mist_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Mist Acoustic,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/platos_tripartite_guitar_pro.htm,Platos Tripartite,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/no_stars_over_bethlehem_guitar_pro.htm,No Stars Over Bethlehem,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/skies_guitar_pro.htm,Skies,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/sex_tapes_guitar_pro.htm,Sex Tapes,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/nautical_guitar_pro.htm,Nautical,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/mist_guitar_pro.htm,Mist,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/plateful_of_our_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Plateful Of Our Dead,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/tandem_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Tandem,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/limb_from_limb_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Limb From Limb,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/palms_read_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Palms Read,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/without_prejudice_guitar_pro.htm,Without Prejudice,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/termites_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Termites,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/yellow_teeth_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Yellow Teeth,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/tilting_against_windmills_guitar_pro.htm,Tilting Against Windmills,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/the_dissentience_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,The Dissentience,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/turn_soonest_to_the_sea_guitar_pro.htm,Turn Soonest To The Sea,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/tongue_splitter_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Tongue Splitter,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/underbite_guitar_pro.htm,Underbite,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/to_porter_with_love_guitar_pro.htm,To Porter With Love,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/wretch_guitar_pro.htm,Wretch,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/tidal_guitar_pro.htm,Tidal,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/the_divine_suicide_of_k_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Divine Suicide Of K,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/protest_the_hero/wretch_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Wretch Intro,Protest the Hero
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_song_for_the_optimists_guitar_pro.htm,A Song For The Optimists,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/an_interlude_guitar_pro.htm,An Interlude,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/aint_love_grand_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Aint Love Grand,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_bitter_broken_memory_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Bitter Broken Memory,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/bleeding_mascara_guitar_pro.htm,Bleeding Mascara,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/bleeding_is_a_luxury_guitar_pro.htm,Bleeding Is A Luxury,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_letter_to_someone_like_you_guitar_pro.htm,A Letter To Someone Like You,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/becoming_the_bull_guitar_pro.htm,Becoming The Bull,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_song_for_the_optimists_guitar_pro.htm,A Song For The Optimists,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/an_interlude_guitar_pro.htm,An Interlude,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/aint_love_grand_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Aint Love Grand,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_bitter_broken_memory_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,A Bitter Broken Memory,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/bleeding_mascara_guitar_pro.htm,Bleeding Mascara,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/bleeding_is_a_luxury_guitar_pro.htm,Bleeding Is A Luxury,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/a_letter_to_someone_like_you_guitar_pro.htm,A Letter To Someone Like You,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/becoming_the_bull_guitar_pro.htm,Becoming The Bull,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/blow_guitar_pro.htm,Blow,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/dilated_guitar_pro.htm,Dilated,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/exs_and_ohs_guitar_pro.htm,Exs And Ohs,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/corseting_guitar_pro.htm,Corseting,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/demonology_and_heartache_guitar_pro.htm,Demonology And Heartache,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/congregation_of_the_damned_guitar_pro.htm,Congregation Of The Damned,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/doomsday_ver3_guitar_pro.htm,Doomsday,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/deanne_the_arsonist_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Deanne The Arsonist,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/coffin_nails_guitar_pro.htm,Coffin Nails,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/creature_guitar_pro.htm,Creature,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/her_portrait_in_black_guitar_pro.htm,Her Portrait In Black,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/gallows_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Gallows,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/lip_gloss_and_black_guitar_pro.htm,Lip Gloss And Black,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/living_each_day_like_youre_already_dead_guitar_pro.htm,Living Each Day Like Youre Already Dead,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/lead_sails_and_a_paper_anchor_guitar_pro.htm,Lead Sails And A Paper Anchor,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/lip_gloss_and_black_acoustic_guitar_pro.htm,Lip Gloss And Black Acoustic,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/insatiable_guitar_pro.htm,Insatiable,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/falling_down_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Falling Down,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/five_vicodin_chased_with_a_shot_of_clarity_guitar_pro.htm,Five Vicodin Chased With A Shot Of Clarity,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/honor_guitar_pro.htm,Honor,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/lonely_guitar_pro.htm,Lonely,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/our_sick_story_thus_far_guitar_pro.htm,Our Sick Story Thus Far,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/shameful_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,Shameful,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/my_fork_in_the_road_your_knife_in_my_back_ver4_guitar_pro.htm,My Fork In The Road Your Knife In My Back,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/lose_it_guitar_pro.htm,Lose It,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/ravenous_guitar_pro.htm,Ravenous,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/slow_burn_guitar_pro.htm,Slow Burn,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/right_side_of_the_bed_guitar_pro.htm,Right Side Of The Bed,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/stop_before_its_too_late_and_weve_destroyed_it_all_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Stop Before Its Too Late And Weve Destroyed It All,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/two_become_one_guitar_pro.htm,Two Become One,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/the_crimson_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,The Crimson,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/tulips_are_better_guitar_pro.htm,Tulips Are Better,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/storm_to_pass_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,Storm To Pass,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/so_wrong_guitar_pro.htm,So Wrong,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/wait_for_you_guitar_pro.htm,Wait For You,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/theft_guitar_pro.htm,Theft,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/the_remembrance_ballad_guitar_pro.htm,The Remembrance Ballad,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/stop_before_its_too_late_and_weve_destroyed_it_all_intro_guitar_pro.htm,Stop Before Its Too Late And Weve Destroyed It All Intro,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/untitled_finale_guitar_pro.htm,Untitled Finale,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/you_were_the_king_now_youre_unconscious_guitar_pro.htm,You Were The King Now Youre Unconscious,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/when_two_are_one_guitar_pro.htm,When Two Are One,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/you_give_love_a_bad_name_ver2_guitar_pro.htm,You Give Love A Bad Name,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/atreyu/you_eclipsed_by_me_guitar_pro.htm,You Eclipsed By Me,Atreyu
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/oathbreaker/second_son_of_r_guitar_pro.htm,Second Son Of R,Oathbreaker
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/oathbreaker/second_son_of_r_guitar_pro.htm,Second Son Of R,Oathbreaker
